Meet John Rose, candidate for U.S. Congress, District 6 (October 10, 2018)
URL: https://www.tennessean.com/story/opinion/2018/10/10/meet-john-rose-candidate-u-s-congress-district-6/1582211002/
Scraped on: 2025-04-15 13:55:03

Meet John Rose, candidate for U.S. Congress, District 6
Portrait of David Plazas David Plazas
The Tennessean


The candidate answers The Tennessean Editorial Board's questionnaire.
John  Rose
Editor's note: The Tennessean Editorial Board invited U.S. Senate, gubernatorial, and Middle Tennessee congressional and legislative candidates to fill out our survey. Find this candidate's answers below. Replay statewide candidate interviews with the editorial board.

John Rose, Republican, candidate for U.S. Congress, District 6

Age: 53

Town or city of residence: Cookeville

Education 

Cookeville High School, Salutatorian, 1983; Tennessee Technological University, BS Agribusiness Economics, 1988; Purdue University, MS Agricultural Economics, 1990; Vanderbilt University School of Law, JD, 1993.

Need a break? Play the USA TODAY Daily Crossword Puzzle.
Job history 

President & Co-founder Transcender Corporation, 1992-2000; Farmer, Rose Farm, 1999-Present; President, Boson Software, 2005-Present.

Family 

Wife Chelsea and son Guy, 1-year old.

What makes you qualified to hold this office and better qualified than your opponents? 

I am a farmer, small business owner, and 8th generation Tennessean. The 6th District is my home and that is why I will fight for it in Washington. As a first-time candidate, I have spent my career in the private sector, creating jobs, balancing budgets and implementing common sense solutions that have allowed my business to prosper.

My life experiences have shown me that hard work and determination can lead to success and I will take that same work ethic to Congress. We need more Tennessee in Washington, and less Washington in Tennessee, and I will fight for our Tennessee values every day.


If you are elected, what are your top 2 to 3 priorities for your new (or next) term in office? 

First, I will work with the President to continue the policies that have produced robust economic growth leading to the lowest unemployment in my lifetime. This means keeping taxes low and making the Trump tax cuts permanent. It also means rolling back oppressive government regulations that stifle businesses. President Trump rejected the contention of President Obama that the “new normal” for economic growth was 1 percent to 2 percent and committed to achieving growth of 3 percent to 4 percent and he has delivered.

Get the Tennessee Voices newsletter in your inbox.
Read thoughtful news and opinions from around Tennessee.

Delivery: Thurs

Your Email
Second, I will work to address illegal immigration in our country. This means advocating for border security including building a wall along our southern border and providing the resources and policies our immigration enforcement agencies need to be successful. The security of our country comes first, and we need to take border security serious by enforcing the duly enacted laws on the books.

Third, I will work with the new Congress to finally repeal Obamacare and begin the process of reforming the healthcare market in our country by returning to a system that allows patients and their doctors to make decisions and gets government, insurers and other third parties out of the way.


What are you hearing most from voters about what they want you to accomplish, if elected? 

Overwhelmingly, voters in the 6th District want a congressman who supports President Trump. They support his tax cuts, regulatory reform, his plans for addressing illegal immigration and his efforts to appoint judges and justices who will honor the Constitution and respect the proper role of the judicial branch of government.

I am a supporter of our President and proudly supported him in his 2016 race and continue to do so today. Recently, I had the opportunity to speak at President Trump’s rally in Johnson City and the thousands of supporters in attendance all want the President to be successful because that means Tennessee will be successful. I will do everything I can in Congress to support Tennesseans and listen to their concerns and ideas.

Will you commit to being civil in how you present yourself and the way you interact with opponents and others? 

Yes


Is there anything else you would like us to know about you, your values and priorities? 

I am running to pass down a better America for my son, Guy, and all our children and grandchildren. That is what every generation before us in this country has done. It is our responsibility as the caretakers of this great nation. My parents raised me with the belief that we take God’s blessings and use them to make things better than we found them. Through responsible planning, a commitment to Christian values and a willingness to make necessary changes, our country can thrive for generations to come.
