001. Chip in to Tammy Baldwin’s reelection campaign today to help her defend this battleground seat and keep Wisconsin blue.. Click on an option to get started.
002. She stands up for our workers, our veterans, our students and our small business owners who need someone in Washington working for them..
003. Tammy is leading the fight for stronger Made in America rules so our roads, bridges, and pipes are made with American iron and steel..
004. She is the author of the Women’s Health Protection Act which guarantees equal access to abortion everywhere in the United States..
005. Tammy passed legislation to cap insulin prices at $35 per month for seniors and crack down on drug corporations that jack up the price of prescription drugs..
006. She is pushing Washington to step-up and fight the epidemic in Wisconsin with stronger support for local prevention, treatment, and recovery efforts..
007. Tammy led the passage of the Respect for Marriage Act last year, protecting same-sex and interracial marriages across the country from right wing attacks..
008. Tammy helped pass legislation to expand VA health care and benefits to the more than 3.5 million veterans who were exposed to toxic burn pits during their service, the most significant expansion of veteran benefits and care in more than three decades..
009. She stands up for our workers, our veterans, our students and our small business owners who need someone in Washington working for them..
010. Tammy is leading the fight for stronger Made in America rules so our roads, bridges, and pipes are made with American iron and steel..
011. She is the author of the Women’s Health Protection Act which guarantees equal access to abortion everywhere in the United States..
012. Tammy passed legislation to cap insulin prices at $35 per month for seniors and crack down on drug corporations that jack up the price of prescription drugs..
013. Tammy knows firsthand about the need to combat the opioid crisis.
014. She is pushing Washington to step-up and fight the epidemic in Wisconsin with stronger support for local prevention, treatment, and recovery efforts..
015. Tammy led the passage of the Respect for Marriage Act last year, protecting same-sex and interracial marriages across the country from right wing attacks..
016. Tammy helped pass legislation to expand VA health care and benefits to the more than 3.5 million veterans who were exposed to toxic burn pits during their service, the most significant expansion of veteran benefits and care in more than three decades..
017. So when the opioid epidemic spread across Wisconsin, devastating countless families and entire communities, Tammy worked to make sure Washington finally stepped up and supported local prevention, treatment and recovery efforts in Wisconsin..
018. She saw firsthand the importance of strengthening and protecting Wisconsinites’ earned benefits of Medicare and Social Security.
019. And as a Senator, Tammy worked across party lines to pass bipartisan legislation into law to support family caregivers across America..
020. Tammy attended public schools, graduating from Madison West High School and went on to Smith College to double-major in government and mathematics.
021. After graduation, she worked on pay equity issues in the Wisconsin governor’s office before beginning her studies at the University of Wisconsin Law School..
022. During her second semester of law school, Tammy was elected to the Dane County Board of Supervisors where she served four terms.
023. Tammy got to work, and in addition to leading the health care reforms that allow Wisconsinites to stay on their parents’ health insurance until age 26 and protect people with pre-existing conditions, she distinguished herself as a fierce defender of working families in Wisconsin..
024. She led efforts against the unfair trade deals that are responsible for shipping American jobs overseas and holding back wage growth for Wisconsinites.
025. Her bill to help our blinded veterans, the Dr. James Allen Veteran Vision Equity Act, passed the House and Senate with overwhelming support from Republicans and Democrats alike.
026. And she worked hard to make sure her women’s health legislation to expand access to breast cancer and cervical cancer screenings was signed into law by a Republican White House..
027. Tammy is building a stronger Made in Wisconsin manufacturing economy by championing Buy American rules, confronting unfair trade deals, and helping create good-paying Wisconsin jobs.
028. When some in Washington pushed partisan repeal efforts that would have ripped health care away from millions of Americans, Tammy led the fight to protect our health care.
029. And recently, Tammy ushered through the Respect for Marriage Act, protecting the freedoms and rights of millions of Americans in same-sex and interracial marriage..
030. When some in Washington pushed partisan repeal efforts that would have removed these protections and ripped health care away from millions of Americans, Tammy stood up and led the fight to protect our health care..
031. Tammy is a staunch advocate for womens’ freedoms and will continue to fight until every Wisconsinite can make their own health care decisions without the government getting involved..
032. Tammy is working across party lines to protect our troops, support our first responders, and keep Wisconsin safe from threats both at home and abroad..
033. Tammy is leading the charge to crack down on Chinese corporations buying up American farmland and strengthen Made in America legislation that puts our economy and workers first..
034. Tammy helped lead successful efforts to push Washington to finally step-up and support Wisconsin’s fight against the opioid epidemic..
035. Tammy has worked across party lines to do right by Wisconsin by protecting our Great Lakes, holding polluters accountable, and improving drinking water quality across the state..
036. In a divided Senate, Tammy brought twelve Republicans on board with Democrats to pass a bill into law protecting same-sex and interracial marriages..
037. Lowering Prescription Drug Prices.
038. Winning the Competition With China.
039. Combating The Fentanyl and Opioid Epidemic.
040. Investing in Wisconsin’s Infrastructure.
041. Defending Our Great Lakes And Clean Water.
042. We are required by federal law to collect and report to the Federal Election Commission the name, mailing address, occupation and employer of individuals whose contributions exceed $200 in an election cycle.
043. The Site, including the text, graphics, images, photographs, videos, illustrations and other content contained therein, are owned by the Committee or our licensors and are protected under both United States and foreign laws.
044. I’m supporting Senator Tammy Baldwin for reelection because she’s working hard for Wisconsin and fighting to protect our rights and freedoms.
045. Despite being in a less vulnerable position compared to some Democratic colleagues in other states, Baldwin acknowledges the challenges of winning over voters in today's polarized political climate..
046. Chip in to Tammy Baldwin’s reelection campaign today to help her defend this battleground seat and keep Wisconsin blue.. Click on an option to get started.
047. She stands up for our workers, our veterans, our students and our small business owners who need someone in Washington working for them..
048. Tammy is leading the fight for stronger Made in America rules so our roads, bridges, and pipes are made with American iron and steel..
049. She is the author of the Women’s Health Protection Act which guarantees equal access to abortion everywhere in the United States..
050. Tammy passed legislation to cap insulin prices at $35 per month for seniors and crack down on drug corporations that jack up the price of prescription drugs..
051. Tammy knows firsthand about the need to combat the opioid crisis.
052. She is pushing Washington to step-up and fight the epidemic in Wisconsin with stronger support for local prevention, treatment, and recovery efforts..
053. Tammy led the passage of the Respect for Marriage Act last year, protecting same-sex and interracial marriages across the country from right wing attacks..
054. Tammy helped pass legislation to expand VA health care and benefits to the more than 3.5 million veterans who were exposed to toxic burn pits during their service, the most significant expansion of veteran benefits and care in more than three decades..
055. She stands up for our workers, our veterans, our students and our small business owners who need someone in Washington working for them..
056. Tammy is leading the fight for stronger Made in America rules so our roads, bridges, and pipes are made with American iron and steel..
057. Tammy is a champion for women’s freedoms, fighting to restore Wisconsinites’ right to make their own health care decisions in the face of the 1849 abortion ban.
058. She is the author of the Women’s Health Protection Act which guarantees equal access to abortion everywhere in the United States..
059. Tammy passed legislation to cap insulin prices at $35 per month for seniors and crack down on drug corporations that jack up the price of prescription drugs..
060. Tammy knows firsthand about the need to combat the opioid crisis.
061. She is pushing Washington to step-up and fight the epidemic in Wisconsin with stronger support for local prevention, treatment, and recovery efforts..
062. Tammy led the passage of the Respect for Marriage Act last year, protecting same-sex and interracial marriages across the country from right wing attacks..
063. Tammy helped pass legislation to expand VA health care and benefits to the more than 3.5 million veterans who were exposed to toxic burn pits during their service, the most significant expansion of veteran benefits and care in more than three decades..
064. So when the opioid epidemic spread across Wisconsin, devastating countless families and entire communities, Tammy worked to make sure Washington finally stepped up and supported local prevention, treatment and recovery efforts in Wisconsin..
065. She saw firsthand the importance of strengthening and protecting Wisconsinites’ earned benefits of Medicare and Social Security.
066. Tammy attended public schools, graduating from Madison West High School and went on to Smith College to double-major in government and mathematics.
067. During her second semester of law school, Tammy was elected to the Dane County Board of Supervisors where she served four terms.
068. Tammy got to work, and in addition to leading the health care reforms that allow Wisconsinites to stay on their parents’ health insurance until age 26 and protect people with pre-existing conditions, she distinguished herself as a fierce defender of working families in Wisconsin..
069. She led efforts against the unfair trade deals that are responsible for shipping American jobs overseas and holding back wage growth for Wisconsinites.
070. And she worked hard to make sure her women’s health legislation to expand access to breast cancer and cervical cancer screenings was signed into law by a Republican White House..
071. Tammy is building a stronger Made in Wisconsin manufacturing economy by championing Buy American rules, confronting unfair trade deals, and helping create good-paying Wisconsin jobs.
072. When some in Washington pushed partisan repeal efforts that would have ripped health care away from millions of Americans, Tammy led the fight to protect our health care.
073. And recently, Tammy ushered through the Respect for Marriage Act, protecting the freedoms and rights of millions of Americans in same-sex and interracial marriage..
074. Her focus on women revolves around reproductive care and abortion access..
075. Baldwin was the lead author of the Women’s Health Protection Act, which would have codified the federal protections for abortion access originally set out in Roe v. Wade, which the U.S. Supreme Court overturned in 2022..
076. The senator said she has also prioritized securing funding for hospitals in rural Wisconsin and focused efforts on reducing prescription drug prices — moves which have earned her unlikely praise from Republicans in rural Wisconsin..
077. Baldwin said she has prioritized keeping manufacturing jobs in the United States after what she called “decades of poor industrial policy and poor trade policy.”.
078. Each year the subcommittee members receive an allocation of federal money with which they have to craft a budget bill.
079. Wisconsin school superintendent race draws three candidates.
080. Hundreds of Madison school teachers hired on emergency licenses.
081. Her focus on women revolves around reproductive care and abortion access.
082. The senator said she has also prioritized securing funding for hospitals in rural Wisconsin and focused efforts on reducing prescription drug prices — moves which have earned her unlikely praise from Republicans in rural Wisconsin.
083. Baldwin said she has prioritized keeping manufacturing jobs in the United States after what she called “decades of poor industrial policy and poor trade policy.”
084. Senator Baldwin's commitment also extends to environmental conservation, as evidenced by her support for the Grazing Lands Conservation Initiative (GLCI), securing $20 million to help farmers implement managed grazing practices that contribute to carbon sequestration..
085. USDA invests $24 million in Wisconsin to boost rural energy.
086. USDA invests $7.5M in food waste reduction projects.
087. Wisconsin hunting seasons - key dates and regulations.
088. USDA invests $24 million in Wisconsin to boost rural energy.
089. USDA invests $7.5M in food waste reduction projects.
090. USDA grants support urban agriculture growth.
091. You agree to promptly notify Indemnified Parties of any third-party Claims, cooperate with Indemnified Parties in defending such Claims and pay all fees, costs and expenses associated with defending such Claims (including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees).
