Scraped on: 2025-04-28 01:43:28
Website: Jacky Rosen Senate.Gov

Families shouldn't have to break the bank to put food on the table, but the price of groceries is out of control. That’s why I pushed the FTC to crack down on the two of the biggest corporations that are pushing a mega merger that could reduce competition & jack up grocery prices. ... See More See Less
Comment on Facebook
View more comments
Happy Women's History Month, Nevada! When women lead, we get things done – and I'm so proud of the work I've accomplished when reaching across the aisle, including with my friend Senator Shelley Moore Capito to incentivize girls to join STEM fields. ... See More See Less
United States Senator Jacky Rosen is committed to working with both parties to deliver for Nevada’s hardworking families. She is fighting for all Nevadans by being an independent voice who brings people together to find commonsense, bipartisan solutions for our state.



Senator Jacky Rosen works across the aisle to solve problems and achieve results for Nevada. Elected to the U.S. House in 2016 and then the U.S. Senate in 2018, Jacky is the second woman ever to serve Nevada in the U.S. Senate, alongside fellow Senator Catherine Cortez Masto.

FOCUSED ON BIPARTISANSHIP

Jacky has been ranked by independent experts as one of the most bipartisan Senators in the chamber. More than 90% of the legislation she has introduced in the Senate is bipartisan, and her commitment to building relationships and working across the aisle has earned her a reputation for making “Republican friends as a way to get things done.”

In 2021, Jacky helped write and pass the historic Bipartisan Infrastructure Law as part of the bipartisan group of Senators who negotiated the final landmark package. The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act is now delivering thousands of good-paying jobs to our state while fixing Nevada’s roads and highways, modernizing our airports, and making high-speed internet faster and more affordable.

BUILDING ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITY
In the Senate, Jacky is working to improve the lives of all Nevadans and fighting for an economy that gives everyone the opportunity to succeed. As Chair of the Subcommittee on Tourism, Trade, and Export Promotion, Jacky has led bipartisan efforts to restore Nevada’s tourism and hospitality industry, provide resources to small businesses and entrepreneurs, bolster our state’s booming clean energy economy, break down barriers for legally operating cannabis businesses, and build up Nevada as an incubator of innovative new technologies and cutting-edge research. She is an ally of Nevada’s labor community, believes in the right of workers to join a union, and supports pro-worker policies like affordable child care, paid family leave, and equal pay for equal work. And with rising prices stretching families’ budgets to the breaking point, Jacky is pushing to increase access to affordable housing in Nevada, cut taxes for the middle class, and lower costs for everyday essentials.

When it comes to education, Jacky has passed funding to rebuild Nevada’s crumbling and outdated K-12 public schools, fought for better pay for our teachers, and pushed for increased mental health resources for our students. She has introduced legislation to expand and improve key workforce development programs and skills training initiatives to prepare Nevadans for the careers of the 21st century.

As the only former computer programmer in the U.S. Senate, Jacky has been a champion for strengthening our nation’s cybersecurity and improving science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) education, including through her bipartisan Building Blocks of STEM Act, which was signed into law. Jacky is the co-founder and co-chair of the first ever bipartisan Women in STEM Caucus in the Senate.

Jacky knows that health care is the key that makes other opportunities possible. That’s why she is working to bring down the rising cost of health care and prescription drugs, tackle Nevada’s doctor shortage, and increase access to telemedicine and rural health care. As Chair of the Senate’s bipartisan Comprehensive Care Caucus, she is fighting to support family caregivers and will always stand strong to protect Medicare and Social Security for our seniors.






FIGHTING FOR NEVADA


Jacky is laser-focused on putting Nevada first and prioritizing the issues that matter to our unique state. As a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, she is a strong advocate for Nevada’s servicemembers, military families, and defense installations – playing a key role in shaping and passing the annual national defense bill to enhance America’s national security and support our troops. The proud daughter of a World War II veteran, Jacky is standing up for Nevada’s veterans and expanding access to the benefits our nation’s heroes have earned. She is also committed to ensuring Nevada’s local law enforcement and first responders have the resources to do their jobs and keep our communities safe from crime.

A longtime proponent of comprehensive immigration reform, Jacky has pushed Congress to finally tackle this issue by providing a pathway to citizenship, strengthening border security while keeping families together, and repairing this severely broken system. As someone who spent most of her life outside of politics, Jacky is working to bring more accountability to the federal government, taking on political corruption, and reforming how Washington works. Like the vast majority of Nevadans, she is a fierce defender of women’s reproductive health rights, as well as LGBTQ+ rights and voting rights.

As Nevadans know, the effects of climate change have hit our state hard. Jacky has secured critical resources to combat Western drought impacting Lake Mead and Lake Tahoe, and to mitigate the increasing threat of wildfires. She is a staunch defender of keeping Nevada’s public lands in public hands for all to enjoy and increasing conservation efforts to protect our state’s natural beauty. Jacky has been leading the fight against job-killing tariffs on solar energy technology that are hurting domestic projects, raising prices, and stunting our climate goals. She has also stood strong against efforts to revive Yucca Mountain, ensuring Nevada never becomes a dumping ground for the rest of the nation’s nuclear waste.

EARLY DAYS
Growing up in a working class family in the Chicago suburbs, Jacky was the first in her family to graduate from college. To afford higher education and make ends meet, she took out student loans and worked multiple jobs, including waiting tables at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas where she was a proud member of Culinary Workers Union Local 226. Jacky earned her undergraduate bachelor’s degree from the University of Minnesota, Minneapolis in 1979 and later earned her associate’s degree in computing and information technology in 1985 from Clark County Community College, which is now the College of Southern Nevada. After working as a computer programmer at major companies in Southern Nevada, she later stepped away from her career to take care of her aging parents and in-laws as they dealt with increasing health issues.

Before being elected to public office, Jacky served as President of Congregation Ner Tamid, Nevada’s largest synagogue. She holds the distinction of being the third female Jewish Senator in U.S. history, as well as the first former synagogue president to serve in the Senate. An outspoken supporter of Israel and combating antisemitism, she is now the co-founder and co-chair of the Bipartisan Task Force for Combating Antisemitism and the bipartisan Abraham Accords Caucus in the Senate.

Jacky has called Nevada home for more than 40 years. She and her husband Larry live in Henderson and are the proud parents of their daughter, Miranda.


