Scraped on: 2025-01-09 17:05:17
Website: Marsha Blackburn TN Senate

Endorsed by Donald J. Trump
U.S. National Debt
Endorsed by Donald J. Trump
U.S. National Debt
When Marsha was 16 years old, she had her first job working at a dress shop. She went to college on a 4-H scholarship and went on to sell educational books door to door for the Southwestern company. It was then that she began developing her exceptional work ethic, which has become a staple of her career. Along the way, she learned there’s no substitute for ringing someone’s doorbell and listening to what they have to say, a lesson—and practice—she carries with her to this day.
Marsha first came into public office in 1998 as a Tennessee State Senator. Ever since, she has stood strong by her commitment to fiscal common sense and government accountability, repeatedly advocating for fewer regulations and policies that enabled businesses to grow.
While serving in the Tennessee Senate, Marsha led a statewide grassroots campaign to defeat a proposed state income tax. While defeating the tax, she quickly became known as a champion of anti-tax and government accountability issues. Taking to the airwaves, Marsha made the case that the government wrongly believes it never gets enough of the taxpayer’s paycheck.
In the U.S. Senate, Marsha is working to straighten up the mess in Washington and remind the Senate that it serves you. It is time for Congress to fulfill its promises to the people of Tennessee.
In the Senate, Marsha is fighting to:
Marsha is a conservative with a record of accomplishment. She gets things done, and in the Senate, she is fighting for Tennessee families every day.
Marsha grew up in Laurel, Mississippi and graduated from Mississippi State University. She and her husband Chuck have been married for over 40 years and have two children and four grandchildren.
Marsha is a champion for crypto and Bitcoin because it preserves freedom, protects privacy, and offers an option for less government regulation. She has also been outspoken against Central Bank Digital Currencies, as they allow the government to collect information on individuals’ personal finances. In the Senate, Marsha has supported efforts to address misuse by bad actors and help crypto companies report cybersecurity threats in the industry. Additionally, she has played an instrumental role in educating her Senate colleagues on the growing role of crypto and Bitcoin in the U.S. economy.
Donate to Marsha’s campaign with crypto or Bitcoin HERE .
Marsha stands firmly with Israel, our nation’s strongest ally in the Middle East. Even before Hamas’ barbaric terrorist attack on October 7, 2023, the Senator has vocally supported Israel’s right to defend itself. Marsha believes that we as a nation have a moral obligation to unequivocally defend Israel. She is committed to standing resolute against anti-Semitism in all forms at home and abroad, ensuring Israel’s right to self-defense and recognition as the only true democracy in the Middle East, and advocating for the U.S. to cut all aid to any sponsors of terrorism. In her op-ed published by The Tennessean, Marsha emphasized that standing with Israel means standing firm against Iran. She has been leading the fight amongst her Senate colleagues to call upon the Biden Administration to permanently freeze the $6 billion in Iranian assets that was released as part of a prisoner release deal. She has been a steadfast advocate of the emerging threat of the New Axis of Evil, highlighting that Hamas terrorists are a direct proxy of the Iranian regime. Marsha has also recently introduced legislation that would halt all funding for the U.N. Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees (UNRWA) until Iran is expelled from the U.N. She knows that any money sent to Gaza will inevitably fall into the hands of Hamas. Make no mistake, Marsha stands undoubtedly with Israel.
Big tech is a threat to our privacy and First Amendment rights. Marsha is continuing to go after big tech companies like Facebook, Google and Twitter for censoring free speech and conservative voices, just like when they censored her pro-life ads in the 2018 election. Twitter also banned President Trump from their site completely, setting a dangerous precedent that must be stopped. In the Senate, she is also leading the fight to make certain companies like Snapchat and TikTok do not exploit or steal our children’s privacy.
China lied to the world about COVID-19, destroyed valuable evidence and is responsible for the death of hundreds of thousands of Americans. It is clear the Communist Chinese regime is a threat to the world, which is why Marsha is leading the effort to confront China for its pattern of lies and deception. COVID-19 has reminded us that we rely too heavily on foreign manufacturing, especially when it comes to our active pharmaceutical supplies that are necessary for creating many prescription medications. We must bring our critical supply chains back to the United States. Marsha’s priority in the Senate is to ensure the health and safety of all Americans. She is continuing the fight to make sure China is held responsible for jeopardizing the entire globe’s safety.
In the Tennessee State Senate, Marsha led the fight against the state income tax. In 2017, she proudly voted for President Trump’s tax reform package and will fight to maintain President Trump’s tax cuts moving forward. The Democrats are doing everything in their power to raise taxes on hard-working, tax-paying Americans, and in the Senate, Marsha is fighting against their efforts to raise taxes. She is committed to making our tax code simple, fair, low and permanent. Marsha believes tax policy should encourage job creation, make the American economy competitive globally and allow taxpayers to keep more of their hard-earned money.
Marsha knows the best way to create jobs and grow the economy is to get government out of the way and let small business owners do what they do best – innovate and create new jobs. Tennessee has one of the best economies in the nation, a direct result of our conservative Tennessee values. Marsha fought alongside President Trump to significantly reduce regulations, and she continues the fight to cut bureaucratic red tape. As we recover from the coronavirus pandemic, she is committed to supporting a limited government, and with all Tennesseans coming together, our businesses and economy will continue to grow stronger. In the Senate, Marsha continues to work to cut taxes, promote free markets and control government spending.
One of the Senate’s most important responsibilities is to confirm strict constitutionalist justices and judges to the Supreme Court and federal bench. We need judges who will uphold the Constitution, not legislate from the bench. Tennesseans are sick of liberal activist judges. As a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Marsha works hard to continue the good work accomplished by the Senate and President Trump to nominate and confirm strict constitutionalist judges and justices. She fervently opposes Democrats’ efforts to pack the court.
Tennesseans are fortunate to have dedicated public servants in their law enforcement officers. These brave men and women don’t need the federal government to tell them how to do their jobs, and they most certainly don’t need backlash from Democrats working to defund them. Marsha regularly meets with members of our law enforcement community to ensure they have the tools they need. She will always fight to ensure they have the necessary resources, and she is working hand in hand with them to keep Tennesseans safe. We must support our brave men and women in blue. Marsha will not allow radical left-wing politicians to defund the police, which is why she has earned support from law enforcement officers across the state.
Marsha is 100 percent pro-life. She has been a leader in the fight against the horrors of abortion for years and has always fought to ban late-term abortions. She also chaired the House panel that investigated the sale of baby body parts, which resulted in 15 criminal referrals. In the Senate, she continues to be a voice for the voiceless. Marsha has supported pro-life legislation to help end the federal funding of abortions and to stop the use of human embryos for stem cell research. In 2018, she was endorsed by SBA List and National Right to Life.
The first charge of the Constitution is to provide for the national defense, and Marsha takes that responsibility seriously. She knows the United States must be strong enough to prevent countries like Russia, China, North Korea and Iran from pushing us and our allies around. We need to draw firm lines and show them that America is not to be trifled with. Our men and women in the military fight constant and evolving threats and they must have the resources they need to keep us safe. Marsha helped secure our troops the highest pay increase in almost a decade. Our promise to them does not end when they return home, and she is continuing to fight to take care of those who have taken care of us.
America is blessed with the greatest fighting force in the world, and Marsha deeply appreciates our servicemen and women and their families. When Fort Campbell was at risk of losing 20,000 members, she fought for them and secured vital funding to keep their training and maintenance programs for the 101st Airborne fully funded. She is committed to improving the welfare and quality of life for our veterans and their families, our active-duty military members and their spouses, which includes everything from vocational training to medical care to addressing homelessness. Marsha has been endorsed by more than 1,000 Tennessee veterans, and in the Senate, she continues to fight for our veterans on the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. Marsha is committed to ensuring we keep our promises to those who fought to defend our freedoms.
As a mother and a grandmother, Marsha is gravely concerned about the opioid crisis. In Tennessee alone, at least three people die from an opioid-related overdose each day. In the State Senate, Marsha fought for drug courts and treatment programs, and she partnered with law enforcement and prosecutors to ensure they had the necessary tools. She has introduced legislation to strengthen the federal government’s response by increasing civil and criminal penalties for bad actors and authorizing vital funding. These resources will be used to support evidence-based prevention, enforcement, treatment and recovery programs. She continues to work towards a systemic solution that involves law enforcement taking a tough stance on the distribution of illicit opioids and improves prevention and recovery efforts.
We need to keep up the good work President Trump and his administration did in building a wall to secure our southern border to stem the flow of illegal immigration. Securing the border is not rocket science—it is a matter of political will, and when you voted to send Marsha to the Senate, she vowed to do what it takes to secure the border and protect the rule of law. Marsha is fighting to ensure existing immigration laws are followed, stop sanctuary cities, penalize elected officials who refuse to follow federal law and deport illegal immigrants who commit crimes.
Marsha has consistently supported free trade and recognizes that Tennessee stands to be disproportionately hurt by retaliatory tariffs. Tennesseans want trade that is both free and fair, and our farmers want to expand into additional markets. Tariffs should punish bad actors but should not harm American consumers and manufacturers. She is continuing her work to protect Tennessee manufacturing jobs. In Congress, Marsha voted for the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement, which will cut red tape and grant our farmers and small businesses easier access to markets in Canada and Mexico.
Marsha has long been a leader in the fight to stop human trafficking. She worked across the aisle to raise concerns about Google when it was not stopping human trafficking ads. She ensured law enforcement may take actions against morally repugnant websites that facilitate sex trafficking, regardless of the immunity they otherwise enjoy for user-generated content.
Human trafficking is a horrific crime, and it’s even happening here in our backyard. Because of her work, backpage.com was shut down, and its founder was charged after a lengthy investigation. In the Senate, she continues the fight to stop human trafficking and is not afraid to take on companies like Snap Inc. that perpetuate child tracking.
Marsha believes our government takes too much and spends too much. Just as families across Tennessee balance their budgets, Marsha believes the federal government should too. She knows Washington doesn’t have an income problem; it has a spending problem. Our national debt is a national security concern, and as a mother and a grandmother, Marsha believes it is immoral to pass this debt onto the next generation. She is a committed fiscal conservative and has the track record to prove it, even in tough circumstances. She has been a deficit hawk, and she takes that same steely commitment to the Senate.
Marsha is a firm believer that the Second Amendment is one of our most important freedoms, and she understands the importance of protecting our constitutional right to bear arms. The founders saw the crucial importance of giving citizens the right to protect themselves, and the government must protect that right. We will not allow the radical mob to take away our guns. But Tennesseans know that gun violence is a problem, and Marsha is working with members of both parties to reform the mental health system and evaluate violence in our culture. She is committed to enacting policies that prevent these senseless tragedies while protecting the Second Amendment. She is a proud gun owner and has earned an ‘A’ rating from the NRA.
Lack of reliable internet access is not just an inconvenience, it holds Tennesseans back. Without access to reliable internet, children are unable to complete their homework assignments, and our small businesses are unable to compete on a larger scale. Marsha is leading the fight to bring broadband to rural communities. She is working with members of both parties to make broadband more accessible for rural Tennesseans by closing the digital divide.
Tennesseans know the false promises of a government-controlled system, and they are suffering from the impacts of Obamacare, which made health insurance and health care too expensive to afford. It has driven up the cost of all health insurance and forced 122,000 Tennesseans to pay a penalty. In 2019, the Senate failed on its promise to the American people when it refused to repeal Obamacare, but Marsha remains committed to returning health care to a patient-centered system, where families and doctors can make their own decisions. She is fighting to make health care accessible and affordable for all Tennesseans – unlike Democrats who are working to pass Medicare-For-All, which we all know is health care for none. In the Senate, Marsha is standing up to the Democrats and their relentless efforts to drive up health care costs and put the government in charge of your health care decisions.
Every student in Tennessee should be prepared with skills for life and ready for whatever path they choose. Tennessee is blessed with great teachers, but they are held back by a bureaucratic system that prioritizes national standards and paperwork over student engagement and advancement. The federal government needs to get out of the way and let teachers and state and local officials in Tennessee take the lead. Marsha believes in applying Tennessee conservative, common-sense approaches to education, including expanding school choice, increasing charter school options, making homeschooling easier and supporting state and local control of education. She is fighting to make sure education money actually goes to the classroom instead of being spent on administrators and bureaucrats.
When it comes to our highways, Marsha believes we must restructure the way federal highway projects are selected, maintained and regulated. She supported President Trump’s plan to rebuild our nation’s crumbling infrastructure, and she continues to advocate for Tennessee’s roadways.
Like you, Marsha was frustrated by Congress’ unwillingness to work with President Trump. Tennesseans sent President Trump to the White House to drain the swamp, put strict constitutionalists on the federal bench and Supreme Court, protect our nation’s security, curb our out of control federal spending, stop big tech, build the wall and strengthen our relationship with allies like Israel. In the Senate, Marsha has always fought for the America First agenda. She was even ranked the most conservative Senator .
Crypto And Bitcoin
Stand Firmly With Israel
Hold Big Tech Accountable
Confront The Communist Chinese Regime
Continue To Cut Taxes
Confirm Strict Constitutional Justices To The Supreme Court
Uphold Law And Order
Protect The Homeland
Support Our Veterans
Combat The Opioid Epidemic
Secure The Border
Promote Free Trade
Stop Human Trafficking
Cut Government Spending
Protect The 2nd Amendment
Close The Digital Divide
Fix Our Broken Healthcare System
Educate Our Children
Fix Our Roads
Stand For Our Conservative Values
December 11th, 2024 Brentwood, TN – The Marsha Blackburn for U.S. Senate campaign today released a Christmas message that will air on TV and digital platforms across Tennessee during the holiday.  “In this time of celebration, let us remember what a blessing it is to be a Tennessean, an American, and to live as children of […]
Axios Nashville December 9th, 2024 Over the last two years, U.S. Sen. Marsha Blackburn worked to train up hundreds of aspiring conservative leaders through what she calls “campaign college.” Why it matters: Blackburn wants part of her legacy to be shepherding the next generation of activists and elected office seekers. Zoom in: Beginning in early 2023, her campaign says, […]
November 8th, 2024 Brentwood, TN – In honor of the American heroes we celebrate this weekend for Veterans Day, the Marsha Blackburn for U.S. Senate campaign today released “Beyond Measure.” This will air on TV and digital platforms across the state.  “America is exceptional beyond measure, but it couldn’t be that way – it wouldn’t be […]
In The News
Blackburn Releases New Christmas Ad
How Marsha Blackburn used campaign to train new generation of GOP activists
Blackburn Releases New Ad “Beyond Measure” for Veterans Day
Blackburn Releases New Christmas Ad December 11th, 2024 Brentwood, TN – The Marsha Blackburn for U.S. Senate campaign today released a Christmas message that will air on TV and digital platforms across Tennessee during the holiday.  “In this time of celebration, let us remember what a blessing it is to be a Tennessean, an American, and to live as children of […] Read More
How Marsha Blackburn used campaign to train new generation of GOP activists Axios Nashville December 9th, 2024 Over the last two years, U.S. Sen. Marsha Blackburn worked to train up hundreds of aspiring conservative leaders through what she calls “campaign college.” Why it matters: Blackburn wants part of her legacy to be shepherding the next generation of activists and elected office seekers. Zoom in: Beginning in early 2023, her campaign says, […] Read More
Blackburn Releases New Ad “Beyond Measure” for Veterans Day November 8th, 2024 Brentwood, TN – In honor of the American heroes we celebrate this weekend for Veterans Day, the Marsha Blackburn for U.S. Senate campaign today released “Beyond Measure.” This will air on TV and digital platforms across the state.  “America is exceptional beyond measure, but it couldn’t be that way – it wouldn’t be […] Read More
Candidate for U.S. Senate
Candidate for U.S. Senate
Candidate for U.S. Senate
Candidate for U.S. Senate
Candidate for U.S. Senate
Candidate for U.S. President
Candidate for U.S. Senate
Bernie Moreno Candidate for U.S. Senate Jan 24, 2024 “Bernie Moreno is the right leader to represent Ohio in the U.S. Senate. Bernie is a true conservative, and I am confident that he will fiercely defend the American values that make our country so special. We need leaders like him in the Senate to reverse Joe Biden’s agenda and disastrous Democrat policies. Please join me, President Trump, and Senator JD Vance in supporting Bernie Moreno for U.S. Senate in Ohio.” - Marsha Blackburn Read More
Jim Justice Candidate for U.S. Senate Dec 20, 2023 “Governor Jim Justice is a proven effective leader, and I am honored to endorse him for Senate in West Virginia. He has shown himself to make decisions that are best for the people of West Virginia with honor, integrity, and patriotism. I am confident that Governor Justice is the best person to protect West Virginia values and the principles our country was founded upon. Now more than ever we need true conservative leaders to take back the Senate Majority and reverse the damage caused by the Biden Administration. I join President Trump in endorsing him and supporting his campaign for Senate.” - Marsha Blackburn Read More
Dave McCormick Candidate for U.S. Senate Sep 27, 2023 “I am honored to endorse Dave McCormick, a proven patriot and freedom fighter for conservative values. He will stand strong against the Left’s radical agenda. Dave knows that limited government is not only necessary to ensure liberty over tyranny, but it also reveals the true might of the individual. He is ready to reverse overreaching government. Pennsylvania’s Senate seat is a crucial opportunity for Republicans as we fight to take back the Senate Majority. I am confident that Dave McCormick is the patriot we need to protect conservative principles and protect the values of our country. I will do everything I can to support his campaign for Senate.” - Marsha Blackburn Read More
Sam Brown Candidate for U.S. Senate Jul 20, 2023 "It’s my honor to endorse Sam Brown, a true American hero and champion for Nevada. We need Sam’s leadership in the U.S. Senate, as we stand up against the far-Left agenda hurting everyday American families. Nevada’s U.S. Senate seat is a critical pickup opportunity for Republicans to take back the Senate Majority. Sam Brown is the only one who can defeat Jacky Rosen and help change the direction of our country for the better, and I will do everything I can to support him." - Marsha Blackburn Read More
Tim Sheehy Candidate for U.S. Senate Jun 27, 2023 "I'm honored to endorse Tim Sheehy. He represents the kind of steadfast, patriotic leadership we need in the Senate right now. I have the utmost faith in his commitment to putting America First, making him the clear choice for the future of our country." - Marsha Blackburn Read More
Donald Trump Candidate for U.S. President Apr 16, 2023 "On day one, President Trump will get to work lowering costs for hardworking working families, get our economy back on track, keep inflation under control, secure the border, and put violent criminals behind bars. He did it once, and he will do it again. President Trump will Make America Great Again, and I look forward to having him back in the White House." - Marsha Blackburn Read More
Jim Banks Candidate for U.S. Senate Feb 21, 2023 “Jim Banks is an unabashed freedom fighter in Congress, and we desperately need his tenacity in the Senate. He is not afraid to push back against the woke Left, call the Chinese Communist Party out as the adversary it is, and hold Big Tech accountable for their egregious attacks on our free speech. I would be proud to work alongside him to defend the principles that make conservative states like Indiana and Tennessee so special.” - Marsha Blackburn Read More
Define A Woman T-Shirt
Define A Woman Oven Mitt
Define A Woman Drink Cooler
Define A Woman Sticker
Marsha for Senate Red Baseball Cap
Marsha, Marsha, Marsha Red T-Shirt
Marsha, Marsha, Marsha Gray Crewneck
Marsha for Senate White Mug
Marsha for Senate Coffee Tumbler
Give Democrats the Boot Drink Cooler
Too Hot For Leftists To Handle Oven Mitt
Marsha, Marsha, Marsha Pizza Cutter
Hot Seat Matchbook – Set of 10
Get Yours Define A Woman T-Shirt $35.00
Get Yours Define A Woman Oven Mitt $25.00
Get Yours Define A Woman Drink Cooler $10.00
Get Yours Define A Woman Sticker $7.00
Get Yours Marsha for Senate Red Baseball Cap $25.00
Get Yours Marsha, Marsha, Marsha Red T-Shirt $25.00
Get Yours Marsha, Marsha, Marsha Gray Crewneck $55.00
Get Yours Marsha for Senate White Mug $20.00
Get Yours Marsha for Senate Coffee Tumbler $20.00
Get Yours Give Democrats the Boot Drink Cooler $15.00
Get Yours Too Hot For Leftists To Handle Oven Mitt $25.00
Get Yours Marsha, Marsha, Marsha Pizza Cutter $20.00
Get Yours Hot Seat Matchbook – Set of 10 $10.00
Your contribution will benefit Marsha for Senate.
Contributions or gifts to Marsha for Senate are not tax deductible. Contributions
        are limited to $10,000 per PAC per election cycle ($5,000 primary and $5,000 general) and $5,600 per
        individual per election cycle ($2,800 primary and $2,800 general). Contributions from the general
        treasury funds of corporations, labor unions, and national banks are prohibited.
        Federal contractors and foreign nationals who are not admitted for permanent residence in the United
        States are prohibited
        from making contributions. All contributions must be from personal funds and may not be reimbursed
        or paid by any other person.
        Federal law requires us to use our best efforts to collect and report the name, mailing address,
        occupation, and name of employer of individuals
        whose contributions exceed $200 in an election cycle.
Donate Using Bitcoin
The servers that house marshablackburn.com are maintained in a manner that safeguards the information in our databases effectively.
In particular, when you contribute online at marshablackburn.com, the transaction is processed using encrypted code on a secure donation site, on a secure and dedicated web server. The personal information that is requested is the same that we would request for donating through the mail. We do not retain records of contributors’ credit card numbers.
Unless you voluntarily provide us with any personal information, such as your e-mail address, this site does not collect personal information about you without your knowledge.
When you visit our site, we collect the following information: The name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account). The date and time you access our site. The Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our site or the Internet address of the computer used to link to our site. This information is used for Site Management purposes only.
NOTICE: Unless you choose to provide such information, we do not collect or maintain personal information about you when you visit our site. If you send us an e-mail message or complete a web form containing personal information, we collect and store the personal information which you choose to provide, such as your mailing address, e-mail address and the content of any request for information or any comments you may have.
Text messaging originator opt-in data and consent will not be shared with any third parties unless required by law.
Marketing and Promotional Communications
At times, you may be presented with the option of whether to subscribe to receive, or be automatically entered to receive, certain marketing and promotional communications, including by text message, from Marsha Blackburn that may be of interest to you. Recipients of such communications can unsubscribe by either following the specific instructions included in such communications or you may “opt-out” of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails from us at any time by or by sending an email to us at info@marshablackburn.com detailing your privacy request. Recipients of text messages may “opt-out” of our mobile messaging program by replying “STOP” to 48041 or any mobile message you receive from us, or by contacting us via the means provided above and clearly communicating your intent to unsubscribe from our mobile messaging program. Please note that “opt-out” and “unsubscribe” requests may not take effect immediately and may take a reasonable amount of time to receive, process, and apply, during which time your information shall remain subject to the prior privacy settings. Additionally, you should be aware that any information provided to third parties prior to your election to opt-out or unsubscribe cannot be retrieved or rescinded by us unless required by applicable law, and you cannot retroactively opt-out or unsubscribe with respect to such third parties.
Mobile Push Notifications and Alerts
With your consent, we may send push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.  Recipients of text messages may opt-out of receiving them by replying “STOP” to the mobile message sent by Marsha Blackburn.
Terms and Conditions of Mobile Phone Number Opt In
Sign up on https://act.marshablackburn.com/sms/ to receive political campaign alerts, updates and news by registering your mobile number with us. By providing your phone number and opting in, you are consenting to receive recurring calls and texts, including automated calls and texts, to that number from Marsha Blackburn. You will receive messages from 48041. After signing up, you will receive a confirmation text message from 48041 on your mobile number, “Thank you for opting into Marsha Blackburn’s updates and alerts. Reply HELP for help, STOP to cancel.” Msg&data rates may apply. Msg freq may vary. Reply HELP for help.
Compatible carriers include: AT&T, T-Mobile® (T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages), Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost, Alltel (Verizon Wireless), U.S. Cellular, Cellular One, MetroPCS, ACS/Alaska, Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Centennial Wireless, Cox Communications, EKN/Appalachian Wireless, GCI, Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix/Keystone Wireless, Inland Cellular, Nex-Tech Wireless, Rural Cellular Corporation, Thumb Cellular, United Wireless, West Central (WCC), Cellcom, C Spire Wireless CellSouth, Cricket, Cincinnati Bell and Virgin Mobile®
We are happy to help. To discontinue receiving SMS messages from Marsha Blackburn, text STOP to 48041. For additional help, text HELP to 48041, contact info@marshablackburn.com , or call 855-922-1776. Marsha for Senate respects your right to privacy. You can view our privacy policy at https://www.marshablackburn.com/privacy-policy/.
If you sign up to receive text messages from us, we will use it to send you text message updates from Marsha Blackburn’s campaign. We may also collect, store, and use your mobile phone number to send you other text messages from Marsha Blackburn’s campaign. We will also collect and store other personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, phone number, mobile phone number, e-mail address, username, and/or similar information you may choose to provide to us. In addition, as noted above, we may share this information, including your mobile phone number, with our affiliates, partners, and other organizations or entities. However, text messaging originator opt-in data and consent will not be shared with any non-associated and/or non-related third-party individual, brand, or entity except for with vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf (and who will not use such information for their own purposes).
Use of Information ​ If you choose to provide any personal information, such as your mailing address or phone number, we may use that information to contact you.
By Mail: Marsha Blackburn for U.S. Senate PO Box 3750 Brentwood, TN 37024
By Email: info@marshablackburn.com
