Scraped on: 2025-01-09 16:46:55
Website: Kari Lake AR Senate

More on New York Post→
Read More →
More on The Dallas Express→
RECAP: Arizona Senate Debate: Kari Lake vs Radical Ruben Gallego
JOIN KARI’S MOVEMENT
NEWS AND PRESS
to save Arizona!
LIVE BLOG – Kari Lake leads in new poll as Arizona Senate race tightens
WHAT THEY’RE SAYING 5 DAYS OUT: Kari Lake Takes The Lead
Republican Kari Lake Pulls Ahead In Crucial Swing State Senate Race
JOIN OUR FIGHT
LIVE BLOG – Kari Lake leads in new poll as Arizona Senate race tightens More on New York Post→
WHAT THEY’RE SAYING 5 DAYS OUT: Kari Lake Takes The Lead Read More →
Republican Kari Lake Pulls Ahead In Crucial Swing State Senate Race More on The Dallas Express→
More on New York Post→
Read More →
More on The Dallas Express→
RECAP: Arizona Senate Debate: Kari Lake vs Radical Ruben Gallego
JOIN KARI’S MOVEMENT
NEWS AND PRESS
to save Arizona!
LIVE BLOG – Kari Lake leads in new poll as Arizona Senate race tightens
WHAT THEY’RE SAYING 5 DAYS OUT: Kari Lake Takes The Lead
Republican Kari Lake Pulls Ahead In Crucial Swing State Senate Race
JOIN OUR FIGHT
LIVE BLOG – Kari Lake leads in new poll as Arizona Senate race tightens More on New York Post→
WHAT THEY’RE SAYING 5 DAYS OUT: Kari Lake Takes The Lead Read More →
Republican Kari Lake Pulls Ahead In Crucial Swing State Senate Race More on The Dallas Express→
The daughter of a teacher and a nurse, Kari Lake grew up in Iowa alongside her eight siblings where she learned the value of a hard day’s work. Fascinated with people’s stories, Kari pursued a career in the news industry where she would become a symbol of truth in journalism when she rejected the agenda-driven press and walked away from the mainstream media after a highly successful 27 years.
In 2022, Kari ran for Governor of Arizona with the endorsement of President Donald J. Trump on a platform of putting Arizona First. Kari believes in secure borders, energy independence, safe streets, education not indoctrination, pushing back against the radical Biden agenda, and preserving the western heritage that makes Arizona special. Kari Lake is a voice for the silent majority and fights back against the relentless assault on our freedoms by the radical left. She believes Arizona can and should be the standard bearer for America First policies nationwide.
Click here to join the largest grassroots movement in America.
"If you want to get to President Trump, you are going to have to go through me."
JOIN OUR FIGHT
The “Mama Bear” Initiative empowers parents to take control of their children’s education, safeguard family values, and advocate for policies that protect and strengthen the future of their families.
According to data from the Border Patrol, almost one in every fifty people now in the United States has come here illegally under Joe Biden and the Democrats.
The federal government is spending money it doesn’t have, papering over a now more than $1.5 trillion annual deficit by printing more of it.
Cryptocurrency is one of Arizona’s fastest-growing economic sectors and a key hedge against government overreach and financial control.
As your Senator, Kari Lake will make the development and construction of a system to deliver a new source of fresh water to Arizona and the West one of her major priorities.
Under President Trump, America was a net energy exporter. Now Democrats are waging a war on cheap, plentiful American energy. Utility rates are exploding.
The exploding epidemic of drug and mental-illness fueled homelessness is destroying the quality of life for residents in our biggest cities.
For decades, American education was the envy of the world. We had the best schools at every level. It’s time to return to that standard.
Kari Lake is the only mother in this race. Kari believes life is priceless, and that having children is the greatest blessing any woman can ever experience.
Click here to join the largest grassroots movement in America.
The “Mama Bear” Initiative
10 Point Plan to Secure the Border
Cut Inflation & Reduce the Deficit
Water for the West
Make America Energy Dominant
Homelessness and Quality of Life
JOIN OUR FIGHT
The “Mama Bear” Initiative The “Mama Bear” Initiative empowers parents to take control of their children’s education, safeguard family values, and advocate for policies that protect and strengthen the future of their families. Read More →
10 Point Plan to Secure the Border According to data from the Border Patrol, almost one in every fifty people now in the United States has come here illegally under Joe Biden and the Democrats. Read More →
Cut Inflation & Reduce the Deficit The federal government is spending money it doesn’t have, papering over a now more than $1.5 trillion annual deficit by printing more of it. Read More →
Cryptocurrency Cryptocurrency is one of Arizona’s fastest-growing economic sectors and a key hedge against government overreach and financial control. Read More →
Water for the West As your Senator, Kari Lake will make the development and construction of a system to deliver a new source of fresh water to Arizona and the West one of her major priorities. Read More →
Make America Energy Dominant Under President Trump, America was a net energy exporter. Now Democrats are waging a war on cheap, plentiful American energy. Utility rates are exploding. Read More →
Homelessness and Quality of Life The exploding epidemic of drug and mental-illness fueled homelessness is destroying the quality of life for residents in our biggest cities. Read More →
Education For decades, American education was the envy of the world. We had the best schools at every level. It’s time to return to that standard. Read More →
Abortion Kari Lake is the only mother in this race. Kari believes life is priceless, and that having children is the greatest blessing any woman can ever experience. Read More →
“Much is on the line this election year & I’m encouraging all eligible Arizonans to vote & prioritize the issues that most affect our state & nation. I will be voting for Republicans up & down the ballot in November — and both Donald Trump and Kari Lake have my endorsement. Differences aside, there is too much on the line and only a Republican in the White House and a majority in the House and US Senate can ensure it.”
"We need President Trump and his policies back in office to deal with this border crisis and we're going to need a little help on the Arizona level. I'm looking forward to having Kari Lake help President Trump secure this border. So hopefully you'll vote for them too so that we can end this border crisis and get back to securing our communities and our state and our country."
“The Nogales Police Officers Association (NPOA) is proudly endorsing Candidate Kari Lake for her bid to get elected to the U.S. Senate! She is a major supporter of law enforcement and has always backed the blue!! Let’s Make Arizona Safe Again!”
"On behalf of the Arizona Fraternal Order of Police (F.O.P.) and its over 9,400 members, I am pleased to announce that the Arizona F.O.P. has endorsed you for Arizona U.S. Senator.

Your endorsement by the F.O.P., one of Arizona's largest police organizations, is based on your demonstrated support of significant public safety issues and reflects our belief that you best understand the difficult job faced by members of the law enforcement community. Your support of those efforts has not gone unnoticed.”
“The PPSLA Executive Board is proud to endorse Kari Lake for Arizona's US Senate race. PPSLA examined a number of factors in determining this endorsement, including Kari's detailed platform. We looked at Kari's positions on issues that are important to our membership, and we were impressed with how knowledgeable she is on a wide range of issues, and that she has well thought-out solutions for many of those issues. Also impressive was Kari's courage to speak truth regarding what is occurring in the policing profession, as well as the issues occurring in the media, an organization which is supposed to report accurate, objective information. Kari is a strong supporter of law enforcement, she is the best candidate to represent the residents of our state, and we fully support her in the election for the US Senate.”
“The Arizona Conference of Police and Sheriffs (AZCOPS) is a statewide organization representing almost 3,700 members across the state of Arizona. Following extensive research by the AZCOPS' Legislative Committee and Executive Board, AZCOPS is proud to announce our endorsement of you in your campaign for the United States Senate. 

AZCOPS examines several factors in determining which endorsements are appropriate. We look at the record of accomplishment of candidates, their willingness to work with the leadership of our member organizations, and the nature and conduct of their campaign and groups that contribute to their campaigns. We were impressed with your dedication to a positive campaign and your support of law enforcement.”
“Kari Lake is pro-family, pro-freedom, and pro-Arizona, and she has my total support in the race for U.S. Senate. It's time for Republicans to unite and win Arizona this November, and put a stop to the radical Democrat agenda.”
“I know that Arizona families want more freedom and less government. I believe the Constitution is the greatest governing document in world history and that this sacred charter is the cornerstone of our Republic. Radical Democrats like Ruben Gallego don't see America like that. They want to tear this country down by its foundations. Kari Lake is committed to protecting and preserving everything that makes our state and country great. She has my total endorsement.”
“When I was a kid, my mom moved my six siblings and me from an inner-city two-bedroom apartment in Los Angeles to Maryvale, Arizona. From those humble beginnings, I was able to become a champion. 

Because of radical politicians, crime and homelessness are on the rise and dangerous drugs are killing so many young people. Arizona is becoming California. And if we continue down that path, those who try to escape what I escaped as a child— will have no place to go. 

Kari Lake will stop the Californiafication of Arizona. She will preserve the American dream for the next generation. That’s why I fully support her.”
“Kari Lake and Donald Trump are the two biggest fighters we have in America right now. We need both of them in Washington DC. Kari’s not going to bend the knee to anybody. She's not going to back down to anybody. She will work hard to get our country back on track, and she will make Arizona proud. We need to get Kari Lake elected to the Senate in Arizona.”
“I want safe borders. I want leaders we can trust that will put our country first. That's why I support President Trump, and it's why I support Kari Lake. From the moment Kari stepped into the political arena, she's been fighting for Arizonans. That's why she has my complete support for the United States Senate.”
“I was known as America's toughest sheriff, and when Arizona elects her, Kari Lake will be America's toughest Senator. She will use every available tool to secure our Southern Border, take a tough stand on crime, and Back the Blue. Kari is the ONLY choice for Senator for Arizona”
“It is absolutely necessary to change course in this country. The Biden-Harris-Schumer agenda of broken borders, a weak economy, high inflation, and pathetic foreign policy needs to be stopped now. 

Kari Lake will be a reliable, conservative vote to secure our border, support law and order, bring down inflation, and give the American people breathing room to regain control of their lives. Kari will be one of the strongest supporters for the state of Israel in the senate - unlike her opponent. 

Her opponent is one of the most radical members of the Democratic party who will double down on Kamala Harris’s failed agenda. 

I urge you to support Kari Lake to represent Arizona in the United States Senate as she will help President Trump turn this nation around, and give Republicans a senate majority we desperately need.”
"As the former Chairman of the Arizona Republican Party, the current Yuma Country for District 2, and a former member of the Arizona-Mexico Commission, I am very familiar with the devastating impact the Biden-Harris Border Crisis is having on Arizona. We need to secure the border and protect communities like mine. Ruben Gallego has proved during his decade-long career in Washington DC, that he is both unwilling and incapable of doing that. Kari Lake will secure that border, finish the wall, and go on offense against the Mexican Cartels. That's why she has my full support to be Arizona's Next Senator."
"We the People are fed up with open borders, out-of-control inflation, and wars all over the world. We need fighters like Kari Lake who won’t back down or cower to the demands of DC’s “leaders." I’m proud to endorse her for Senate."
“Over the last few years, Law enforcement has faced escalating attacks from radical politicians like Ruben Gallego. These misguided attacks undermine our core mission and made it harder for our officers to keep Arizona safe. Kari Lake has been unwavering in her support of our Sworn, Detention, and Civilian personnel in Arizona Law Enforcement. We're honored to endorse her.”
“Having Kari Lake’s support for our community as a senator is invaluable and incredibly encouraging to see this as an opportunity for increased congressional engagement with the Navajo Nation. Her presence here is not just symbolic; it reflects her genuine commitment to our people and our issues. Kari Lake has unfinished business, and I wholeheartedly welcome her continued presence and efforts on behalf of the Navajo Nation as she runs for Senate."
“Kari Lake is the proven fighter we need in the Senate to secure the border, grow our economy, lower the cost of living, and push pro-family policies. I am proud to endorse her for Senate in Arizona. Her opponent votes with Kamala Harris 100 percent of the time. Kari will be a strong voice for all Arizonans.”
“I had the honor of playing football in the NFL for 14 years including 4 years here with our Arizona Cardinals. I support Kari Lake because as a husband, father and now grandfather I want to protect my family first and second protect the state we chose to make home. I care about the future of Arizona and our beloved country. This election is about the kind of future we want to ensure for our families."
“I worked on behalf of Kari Lake’s opponent in the primary, but now it's time to unite the Arizona Republican Party to defeat Ruben Gallego. Gallego’s record is out of step with everyday Arizonans, and we can’t afford his extreme progressive philosophy in the US Senate. Gallego would be Bernie Sanders’ mini-me.For any differences we may have, I know that Kari will be a conservative voice for Arizona in the US Senate.I'm happy to endorse her."
“I had the honor of representing Arizona's 3rd congressional district from 1995 until 2011. I truly love this state, and I know Kari Lake does, too. I refuse to sit on the sidelines and watch John McCain's Senate seat fall into the hands of a far-left whackjob like Ruben Gallego. Kari Lake will fight for reduced government spending, federal tax relief, and the re-establishment of state and individual rights. She has my complete endorsement for the Senate."
“Having served in the United States Air Force and Air National Guard for over thirty years, I took an oath to protect our country, and to preserve the freedoms outlined in our constitution. Radical Democrats like Ruben Gallego have abandoned their Constitutional duties in favor of radical leftist policies, and too many Republicans have forgotten how to fight back. Kari Lake knows how to fight back. She's the fighter Arizona needs in the United States Senate."
“Kari Lake is running against Ruben Gallego, a representative and supporter of the values of today’s Democratic Party. These values are not Arizona values. They are so far to the left and threaten to do permanent damage to our state. Kari is the commonsense alternative, and in the US Senate, she will fight to protect our sovereignty and preserve the freedoms given to us by God and our Founding Fathers."
“As a six-time Olympic Gold Medalist and an advocate and champion of those living with spinal cord injuries, I fully back Kari Lake for the United States Senate! Kari Lake will save women's sports and protect our girls from radical leftists like Ruben Gallego. Go, Kari."
“When My father and I started Swift Transportation in 1966, we had one truck, some cotton and imported steel, and a map. That business grew into something special, and it helped me give my family the American Dream. You don't hear many stories like that anymore. Due to Democrat policies, it's almost impossible to get a business off the ground, and that dream is becoming unobtainable. Kari Lake will help bring these opportunities back to hardworking Arizonans. That is why I support her for the Senate."
“I had the privilege of serving the City of Phoenix for over a decade on its city council. That’s where I first met Kari, it was during her journalism career, and whenever there was a big story she took the extra effort to make sure she called me and got every angle. Her integrity impressed me then and it impresses me now. Like me, Kari comes from a working-class family and shares those values. I know that she will fight for them in the U.S. Senate."
"I've made it my life's work to be a voice for crime victims. Not only in Arizona but nationwide. During that time, Ruben Gallego has worked to open our border and defund the police. Kari Lake wants to make Arizonans more safe. She will back the blue, secure that border, and be a compassionate voice for Arizonans in need. Kari has my complete and total endorsement for the Senate."
"Arizona needs Kari in the Senate. We cannot afford another radical leftist like Ruben Gallego! I will do everything possible to help Kari win in November."
"As a California resident, I’ve witnessed firsthand how decades of Democrat rule have turned the Golden State into an unaffordable dystopia. Now, radical leftists like Ruben Gallego are trying to implement those same dead-end policies in Arizona. Kari Lake is determined to bring back the American Dream to her beloved State 48, and her common-sense policies will stop this leftist rot in its tracks. Kari Lake has my complete endorsement to be the next Senator from Arizona."
“Kari Lake's unwavering commitment to securing our border and revitalizing our economy reflects the true spirit of what makes America exceptional, and that is why she is the leader Arizona needs in the U.S. Senate. I endorse Kari Lake for U.S. Senate because we can count on her to fight for secure borders, a strong economy, and an America First agenda that will create opportunities for families across the country.”
“Kari Lake will fight for the Constitution and the freedoms of all Americans. She will oppose the deep state and work to secure our border. I am proud to endorse her for Senate in Arizona. I need Kari in the Senate to put our country back on track.”
“Kari Lake is the conservative fighter we need to help President Trump Make America Great Again. In the US Senate, Kari will be an unstoppable force for commonsense. She has what it takes to lead our country back to safety, prosperity, and peace. Kari Lake has my complete and total endorsement!”
“I’m endorsing Kari Lake for Senate in Arizona. As a mother, Kari understands the challenges facing Arizona families, and she will fight to secure our border, cut costs for hardworking Americans, and revive the American Dream. Kari’s dedication to putting America first and her fierce determination to stand against Chuck Schumer’s radical agenda make her our best choice to represent Arizona in the Senate. I urge all Arizonans to support Kari Lake and our shared vision for a stronger, more prosperous future for our nation.”
"As Mayor of Sahuarita, I have always prioritized public safety and keeping our community protected.

I’m proud to say that we are one of the safest towns in all of Arizona.

Electing someone as out of touch as Ruben Gallego to the Senate would put that security at risk.

Kari Lake prioritizes law & order and is working to make every Arizona community as safe as ours. Kari has my complete and total endorsement for the U.S. Senate.”
“Kari Lake is a proven America First leader and will be the next Senator from Arizona. I am proud to join my father in endorsing her campaign. Kari will always fight to secure the border, cut taxes, and standup to the Far-Left. We need Kari in the Senate to help pass my father’s strong agenda."
“I am proud to endorse Kari Lake for Senate in Arizona. Kari is a proven conservative outsider and fighter who will deliver border security and economic security for Arizonans.”
"Border states have been on the frontlines of Joe Biden's open border crisis for over three years, which is why we need a leader in Arizona who is not afraid to stand up and join the fight for a secure border. The clear choice is Kari Lake. Kari has proven that she will always prioritize the security and well-being of Arizonans and the American people and will not back down from a fight. I am proud to endorse her for U.S. Senate today."
“I endorse Kari Lake for Senate in Arizona, because Kari will fight to secure the border, lower prices for American families, and restore American Energy Independence. We need Kari in the Senate to stop Chuck Schumer’s Far-Left agenda. She’ll fight for conservative polices that will make us a strong nation again.”
“I am pleased to endorse Kari Lake for Senate in Arizona. She is the common sense conservative in the race who will work to secure the border and get our economy back on track. I look forward to working with Kari in the Senate to fix our country.” — Senator Cramer
“Joe Biden and Senate Democrats have made America less safe and we are in a fight for the soul of our nation. The Senate Majority runs through Arizona, and I am excited to endorse Kari Lake for Senate. She will fight to secure the border and put America First. Her opponent is a Far-Left Democrat who would vote with Chuck Schumer 100 percent of the time. Kari will be a voice for Arizona.”
“Kari Lake will fight tirelessly to defend American freedom and security. She is an outsider who will get the job done for Arizona. Arizonans know Kari, and they trust her. I am proud to endorse her campaign for U.S. Senate.”
“Kari Lake is the fighter Arizonans need in the Senate. She is the common sense choice for Arizona who will secure the border, rein in spending, and restore American Energy Independence. Her opponent votes with Joe Biden 100 percent of the time, including on all the reckless spending, and enabling the border crisis. I am proud to endorse Kari.”
“Kari Lake is an America First fighter who isn’t afraid to take on the radical Socialists threatening our way of life. Arizonans have paid a heavy price for Biden’s failed policies, and they can count on her to help get our country back on track. I’m proud to endorse Kari Lake as the next Senator for Arizona.”
"The Senate race in Arizona is critical for securing a Republican majority in the Senate. Kari Lake is the candidate in Arizona who will work to get the economy back on track and lower the cost of living for families, secure the border and enforce the law, and bring safety to our streets. A vote for her opponent is a vote for Joe Biden’s dangerous agenda. I am excited to endorse Kari Lake for Senate in Arizona."
“Arizona has been hit hard by Joe Biden’s border crisis and reckless spending that has led to high inflation. Arizona deserves a Senator who will fight to secure the border, lower prices, and restore safe streets in our communities. I know Kari Lake will do just that. I am excited to endorse Kari for U.S. Senate in Arizona.”
“Joe Biden and Senate Democrats have made America less safe, secure, and prosperous. Arizona needs a Senator who will fight for the American Dream. I am PROUD to endorse Kari Lake for Senate in Arizona. She will fight to secure America’s future.”
“Joe Biden and Ruben Gallego have destroyed our economy, made our streets less safe, and failed to secure the border. Kari Lake will get our economy back on track and finish the border wall. I am proud to endorse her for Senate in Arizona.”
"America is desperate for new leadership as Democrats in Congress have crushed the middle class and done nothing to secure the border. Kari Lake is an outsider and fighter who will work to secure the border and put Arizonans First. I am excited to endorse Kari for the Senate in Arizona to bring much needed change to Washington.”
“Joe Biden and Senate Democrats have destroyed our economy, made our streets less safe, and allowed an invasion at our southern border. We need conservative fighters like Kari Lake in the United States Senate, who will bring back a strong economy, cut taxes, stem the constant flow of illegal immigrants, and secure our southern border. I am thrilled to endorse her campaign to be the next Senator from Arizona.”
“Kari Lake is a battle tested warrior who will secure the border and advocate for policies that put the American people first. Kari is running against a Far-Left Democrat who has been a rubber stamp for all of Joe Biden’S destructive policies that have gutted the middle class. I am proud to endorse Kari as the next U.S. Senator for Arizona.”
"Kari Lake is a proven fighter and champion of the American Way. The RNHA is dedicated to supporting candidates that will solve the border crisis, secure our elections, and TAKE BACK AMERICA!"
“Kari Lake is one of the most talented candidates in the country. Kari is building out an effective campaign operation that has what it takes to flip Arizona’s Senate seat in November.”
“Kari Lake will go to DC to shake things up, and that’s exactly the kind of leadership that Arizona needs in the United States Senate. I am proud to endorse Kari Lake for the United States Senate because she has the policies, the drive, and desire to defeat the Washington War Machine and restore American liberties.”
“Kari Lake is MAGA to her core and cannot be bought by the establishment. I am proud to endorse her for the United States Senate in Arizona. I am very much look forward to watching her shake up the halls of power.”
“I’m honored to endorse my friend Kari Lake to be Arizona’s next U.S. Senator. Kari is a strong, principled conservative, who knows and loves the people of Arizona and will make them proud as their elected representative. Kari is fearless, she doesn’t back down, and she will fight tirelessly to secure our border and make our country safe and prosperous. The stakes could not be higher and it is now more important than ever that we retake the Republican majority and get our country back on the right track for all working American families and citizens.”
"Kari Lake fights like hell and does it to win. America needs her in Washington D.C. to be a voice of sanity on the issues Arizonans care about the most — boosting jobs, growing our economy, securing the southern border, helping our veterans and homeless off the street, and strengthening our national defense. I'm proud to give Kari Lake my total endorsement to be Arizona's next U.S. Senator."
“Kari Lake is a straight shooter who will work tirelessly to secure our border, protect our constitutional rights, rein in inflation, and support law and order. For these reasons and a litany of others, I am honored to endorse her candidacy for the U.S. Senate. Kari Lake will be the leader Arizona families need to keep their communities safe, secure, and prosperous. I look forward to Kari becoming Arizona's next Senator."
"If I learned anything from my 40 years of coaching football, it was the value of teamwork. And if I've learned anything during my time in the Senate, it's that America needs more common-sense conservatives willing to go against the grain in Washington D.C. and fight to take our freedoms back. Kari Lake is just the teammate I need beside me in the United States Senate. That's why she has my complete endorsement.”
OGWA President Matt Coday:

“Our USA oil and gas jobs, the great State of Arizona, our economy, and America’s energy independence are under attack. This is a spiritual battle for the survival of our nation.
We need fighters in D.C. who will restore American energy dominance, secure our borders, and ensure our elections are free and fair for all Americans. Kari Lake is a fighter and will put American workers and families first in the Senate.

“Green New Deal” policies Kari Lake’s opponents Kyrsten Sinema and Ruben Gallego support are hurting every American, making it hard for working families to put food on the table, gas in the car, and heat our homes. Kari Lake will stand up against radical “environmentalists”, misguided politicians, and hostile foreign nations intent on destroying our Republic and America’s energy independence.

Oil & Gas Workers Association proudly endorses Kari Lake for Senate and encourages every citizen of Arizona to support her with your vote.

Let’s send a fighter to D.C. who represents American workers and families.”
"The fate of our country is at stake in 2024. The Presidency and control of the Senate will run through Arizona. I am proud to endorse my friend Kari Lake for the U.S. Senate in Arizona. Kari will fight to secure the border, which is out of control under Joe Biden. She will fight to cut inflation and lower gas prices for Arizonans. We need Kari in the Senate to save Arizona and America."
“Kari Lake is the fighter Arizona needs to secure the border, unleash American Energy Independence, and lower the cost of living. Joe Biden’s policies have been a disaster for Arizona and Kari Lake will stand up to the Biden agenda and put Arizonans first. Let’s send Kari to the Senate and take back the majority.”
“This election is the most consequential, the Senate Majority runs through Arizona. I am proud to endorse Kari Lake for United States Senate in Arizona. She is a proven fighter and mom on a mission. Kari will work tirelessly to secure the border, rebuild our military, restore American Energy Independence, and  take care of our Veterans. Her two Democrat opponents have been a rubber stamp for Joe Biden’s reckless agenda. Kari will restore sanity and put Arizona First.”
“Kari Lake is a proven conservative fighter who will secure the border, reduce the cost of living, protect our values, and save America. Control of the Senate and the fate of our Republic will be determined in Arizona. I am proud to fully endorse Kari Lake for Senate in Arizona, making her the first E-PAC Senate endorsement of the 2024 cycle.”
“Kari Lake understands that immigration is a national security issue and is tired of watching it be used as a political tool by the left. A lot of people head to DC to talk. Kari actually has solutions. I know that she will work tirelessly to prevent anyone from entering our country illegally, and her border plan will help stop the chaos on both sides of our border. Kari Lake will never stop fighting for the citizens of Arizona. It’s a privilege to give her my endorsement.”
"I am proud to endorse Kari Lake for U.S. Senate in Arizona. Kari is exactly who we need in the Senate to secure the border, stand up to Hamas terrorists, rein in reckless spending, and protect the Second Amendment. She is an America First fighter who will shake up Washington D.C. and I look forward to working with her in the Senate."
“Kari Lake is principled and uncompromising in her devotion to the America First agenda and the state of Arizona. Kari recognizes the importance of a secure border, and I am confident that having her in the United States Senate will be as good for the people of Texas as it is for Arizona. I am honored to give Kari Lake my complete endorsement to be Arizona's next Senator.”
“Kari Lake is what America needs - A no-BS, straight-shooting, America-First, woman! There’s nothing more terrifying to the Fake News Media or the permanent, Establishment Class in Washington D.C. She will make a phenomenal Senator and I am proud to give her my full endorsement.
“Kari Lake embodies Arizona values. She has an indomitable fighting spirit, a solid work ethic, and bounces back from everything that’s thrown at her. I know Kari will never stop advocating for, and championing Arizona’s values and will work to revive our economy from the Biden disaster. It’s an honor to endorse Kari to be Arizona’s next Senator.
“Kari Lake understands that the number one responsibility for an elected official is protecting the liberty of the people. She understands that the United State’s Constitution was inspired by God, and will faithfully and steadfastly work to defend the freedoms enshrined in that sacred document. I am proud to give her my complete endorsement to be Arizona's next United States Senator.”
“Kari Lake is a fearless champion for freedom, opportunity, and prosperity for all. No one will fight harder to make Washington work for Arizonans than Kari. That’s why I’m proud to give her my endorsement to be Arizona’s next United States Senator.”
“Kari Lake burst onto the political scene three years ago, and what I saw was a kindred spirit. Kari calls it how she sees it. In fact, if you consider constructive suggestions to be microaggressions, then you may find her candid observations sound like booming thunder. And she sees a swampy quagmire in Washington DC that needs to be plowed up and aired out. She’s just the one to do it too. In the Senate, Kari Lake will not be converted into yet another hallelujah praise team for the establishment status quo. She knows this country is in a desperate condition that requires steadfast nerves of steel to get us back on track. She’ll help return our nation to its basic principles that cultivate strong families, a secure border, scrutinized conservative spending, and a federal government that protects our Constitutional rights instead of violating them. Kari is the political fighter Arizona and this country needs in the United States Senate, which is why I am proud to endorse her as your next U.S. Senator.”
“Washington DC needs more servant leaders who are guided by four key principles: faith, family, free markets, and education. Having had the pleasure of watching Kari Lake grow into the political force of nature that she is, I can say with confidence that she shares those same values. She is a tenacious fighter for the America First policies that have made our country great and will make it great again. That’s why I’m proud to give her my total endorsement to be Arizona’s next U.S. Senator.”
“Arizona’s prosperity and security are at risk due to the failed economic and border policies of the Biden Administration. Arizona needs strong representation at the federal level to help fix these disasters and bring lasting change to Arizona, and America at large. I know Kari Lake will defend Arizona. That’s why she has my endorsement for the United States Senate.”
"Kari Lake will shine brightly for Arizona. She is a generational communicator who is giving voice to Arizona citizens. Joe Biden’s policies have crushed Arizona. Arizonans are dealing with record inflation – up 20 percent under the Biden administration. Arizona is also on the front lines of the worst illegal immigration crisis in American history. Nearly 8 million illegal immigrants under Biden, equal to the population of Arizona. The U.S. Senate needs a Senator from Arizona that understands these issues, and will fight hard to solve them. Kari Lake is in this race to make Arizona and America stronger. I’m endorsing Kari Lake for U.S. Senate.”
" * " indicates required fields
Click here to join the largest grassroots movement in America.
President Donald J. Trump
Former Arizona Governor Doug Ducey
Karrin Taylor Robson
Pinal County Sheriff Mark Lamb
Nogales Police Officers Association
The Arizona Fraternal Order of Police & AZ F.O.P President Paul Sheldon
Phoenix Police Sergeants and Lieutenants Association (PPSLA)
The Arizona Conference of Police and Sheriffs (AZCOPS)
Arizona State House of Representatives Majority Leader Sonny Borrelli
Republican Nominee for Arizona’s 8th Congressional District Abe Hamadeh
National Rifle Association – Political Victory Fund (NRA-PVF)
Congressman Andy Biggs
Congressman Paul Gosar
Former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio
U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC)
Arizona State Representative John Gillette
Arizona State Representative Steve Montenegro
Arizona State Representative Tim Dunn
Arizona State Representative Michael Carbone
Arizona State Representative Cody McGarr
Arizona State Representatives Rachel Jones
Arizona State Representative Teresa Martinez
Arizona State Representative Travis Grantham
Arizona State Representative & 2024 Republican Nominee for Maricopa County Recorder Justin Heap
Arizona State Representative David Marshall
Arizona State Representative Joseph Chaplik
Arizona State Representative Quang Nguyen
Arizona State Representative Selina Bliss
Arizona House Majority Leader Leo Biasiucci
Arizona State Senator Janae Shamp
Arizona State Senator Anthony Kern
Arizona State Senator Sine Kerr
Arizona State Senator David Gowan
Arizona State Senator Justine Wadsack
Arizona State Senator T.J. Shope
Arizona State Senator Wendy Rogers
Arizona State Senator John Kavanagh
Republican Jewish Coalition
Yuma County Supervisor & Former AZGOP Chairman Jonathan Lines
Congressman Eli Crane
The Arizona Law Enforcement Association (AZLEA)
Former Vice President of Navajo Nation Myron Lizer
U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL)
Former Border Patrol Union President Brandon Judd
Sports Broadcaster and Retired NFL Kicker Jay Feely
Political Strategist Sean Noble
Former AZ-03 Congressman John Shadegg
Retired Adjutant General of the Arizona National Guard & 2022 U.S. Senate Candidate Mick McGuire
Author and Radio Host Seth Leibsohn
Six-Time Olympic Gold Medalist Amy Van Dyken
Former CEO of Swift Transportation Jerry Moyes
Former Phoenix City Councilman Sal Diciccio
Victims Rights Advocate and Businessman Steve Twist
Former Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives Newt Gingrich
Levi Bolton, Executive Director of the Arizona Law Enforcement Association
Congresswoman Debbie Lesko
Former Acting ICE Director Tom Homan
U.S. Senator Tim Scott (R-SC)
U.S. Senator Mike Lee (R-UT)
Governor Doug Burgum (R-ND)
U.S. Senator John Kennedy (R-LA)
Sahuarita Mayor Tom Murphy
Donald Trump Jr.
U.S. Senator Josh Hawley (R-MO)
U.S. Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX)
U.S. Senator Ted Budd (R-NC)
U.S. Senator Kevin Cramer (R-ND)
U.S. Senator Eric Schmitt (R-MO)
Former National Security Advisor Robert O’Brien
U.S. Senator Cynthia Lummis (R-WY)
U.S. Senator Markwayne Mullin (R-OK)
U.S. Senator John Thune (R-SD)
U.S. Senator Joni Ernst (R-IA)
U.S. Senator James Risch (R-ID)
U.S. Senator John Cornyn (R-TX)
Congressman Wesley Hunt
U.S. Senator Marsha Blackburn (R-TN)
U.S. Senator J.D. Vance (R-OH)
Republican National Hispanic Assembly
U.S. Senator & NRSC Chairman Steve Daines (R-MT)
U.S. Senator Rand Paul (R-KY)
Congressman Matt Gaetz
U.S. Senator Bill Hagerty (R-TN)
Congressman Brian Mast
U.S. Senator Roger Marshall (R-KS)
U.S. Senator Tommy Tuberville (R-AL)
Oil & Gas Workers Association
Congressman Byron Donalds
U.S. Senator Tom Cotton (R-AR)
Congressman Cory Mills
Congresswoman Elise Stefanik
Congressman Ronny Jackson
Congressman Jim Banks
Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton
Arizona State Representative Alex Kolodin
Arizona State Senator David Farnsworth
Arizona State Senator Jake Hoffman
Former Congressman Louie Gohmert
Congressman Burgess Owens
Arizona Senate President Warren Petersen
U.S. Senator John Barrasso (R-WY)
JOIN OUR FIGHT
" * " indicates required fields
We need your support in the days ahead.
" * " indicates required fields
JOIN OUR FIGHT
" * " indicates required fields
Sign up to intern for Kari Lake!
JOIN OUR FIGHT
Click here to join the largest grassroots movement in America.
Check back daily for more Kari Lake events coming soon!
JOIN OUR FIGHT
More on New York Post→
More on The Dallas Express→
More on The Latin Times→
More on Just the News→
More on The Western Journal→
More on Newsweek→
More on Townhall→
More on Washington Reporter→
More on AZ Central→
More on The Hill→
More on Newsmax→
More on New York Post→
Click here to join the largest grassroots movement in America.
LIVE BLOG – Kari Lake leads in new poll as Arizona Senate race tightens
Republican Kari Lake Pulls Ahead In Crucial Swing State Senate Race
Trump-Ally Kari Lake Surges In Arizona Senate Polls , Erasing Lead From Democratic Opponent in Home Stretch
Kari Lake surging in Arizona Senate race less than one week before election
Kari Lake Takes Lead in Arizona US Senate Race: Top Pollster
Kari Lake Closing Gap in Senate Race, New Poll Shows
KARI LAKE OP-ED: Why We Should Build Trump’s Border Wall ASAP
Interview: Kari Lake’s case to defeat “Nancy Pelosi with a beard”
Senate candidate Kari Lake: ‘I want to go to Washington to help Donald Trump’
Trump praises Lake’s debate performance in Arizona Senate race
Mercedes Schlapp: Kari Lake Will Restore Hope in Washington
Kari Lake highlights Ruben Gallego’s progressive record in Arizona Senate debate as early voting begins
JOIN OUR FIGHT
LIVE BLOG – Kari Lake leads in new poll as Arizona Senate race tightens More on New York Post→ Read More → November 2, 2024
Republican Kari Lake Pulls Ahead In Crucial Swing State Senate Race More on The Dallas Express→ Read More → October 30, 2024
Trump-Ally Kari Lake Surges In Arizona Senate Polls , Erasing Lead From Democratic Opponent in Home Stretch More on The Latin Times→ Read More → October 30, 2024
Kari Lake surging in Arizona Senate race less than one week before election More on Just the News→ Read More → October 30, 2024
Kari Lake Takes Lead in Arizona US Senate Race: Top Pollster More on The Western Journal→ Read More → October 30, 2024
Kari Lake Closing Gap in Senate Race, New Poll Shows More on Newsweek→ Read More → October 29, 2024
KARI LAKE OP-ED: Why We Should Build Trump’s Border Wall ASAP More on Townhall→ Read More → October 23, 2024
Interview: Kari Lake’s case to defeat “Nancy Pelosi with a beard” More on Washington Reporter→ Read More → October 21, 2024
Senate candidate Kari Lake: ‘I want to go to Washington to help Donald Trump’ More on AZ Central→ Read More → October 13, 2024
Trump praises Lake’s debate performance in Arizona Senate race More on The Hill→ Read More → October 13, 2024
Mercedes Schlapp: Kari Lake Will Restore Hope in Washington More on Newsmax→ Read More → October 11, 2024
Kari Lake highlights Ruben Gallego’s progressive record in Arizona Senate debate as early voting begins More on New York Post→ Read More → October 10, 2024
Read More →
Read More →
Read More →
Read More →
Read More →
Read More →
Read More →
Read More →
Read More →
Read More →
Read More →
Read More →
Click here to join the largest grassroots movement in America.
WHAT THEY’RE SAYING 5 DAYS OUT: Kari Lake Takes The Lead
NEW POLL Shows Lake in Lead One Week From Election Day
NEW OP-ED Highlights Native American Shift to America First, Trump and Lake
Lake Campaign Releases Two New Ads
RECAP: Kari Lake Hosts Press Conference at Border
NEW OP-ED: Why We Should Build Trump’s Border Wall (ASAP)
Statement on Unsealed Gallego Divorce Records
WHAT IS HE HIDING: ‘Gallego Makes Last-Ditch Appeal to AZ Supreme Court to Keep Divorce Records Sealed’
DEBATE RECAP: ‘Lake’s best night,’ Kari Lake Wins Arizona Senate Debate
NEW Kari Lake Op-Ed: It’s All About Bringing Back The American Dream
ICYMI: Lake Campaign Releases NEW AD Featuring Former Arizona Governor Doug Ducey
NEW: Kari Lake Launches Mama Bear Initiative
JOIN OUR FIGHT
WHAT THEY’RE SAYING 5 DAYS OUT: Kari Lake Takes The Lead Read More → Read More → October 31, 2024
NEW POLL Shows Lake in Lead One Week From Election Day Read More → Read More → October 29, 2024
NEW OP-ED Highlights Native American Shift to America First, Trump and Lake Read More → Read More → October 27, 2024
Lake Campaign Releases Two New Ads Read More → Read More → October 27, 2024
RECAP: Kari Lake Hosts Press Conference at Border Read More → Read More → October 24, 2024
NEW OP-ED: Why We Should Build Trump’s Border Wall (ASAP) Read More → Read More → October 23, 2024
Statement on Unsealed Gallego Divorce Records Read More → Read More → October 17, 2024
WHAT IS HE HIDING: ‘Gallego Makes Last-Ditch Appeal to AZ Supreme Court to Keep Divorce Records Sealed’ Read More → Read More → October 16, 2024
DEBATE RECAP: ‘Lake’s best night,’ Kari Lake Wins Arizona Senate Debate Read More → Read More → October 10, 2024
NEW Kari Lake Op-Ed: It’s All About Bringing Back The American Dream Read More → Read More → October 8, 2024
ICYMI: Lake Campaign Releases NEW AD Featuring Former Arizona Governor Doug Ducey Read More → Read More → October 6, 2024
NEW: Kari Lake Launches Mama Bear Initiative Read More → Read More → October 2, 2024
Click here to join the largest grassroots movement in America.
Media + Photos
Media + Photos
JOIN OUR FIGHT
Media + Photos Media + Photos $15 $25 $50 $100 Donate GET INVOLVED Click here to join the largest grassroots movement in America. SIGN UP → First Name Last Name Cell (Required) Email (Required) City (Required) Zip Code (Required) Mobile Opt-In (Optional) By checking this box, you are opting-in to receive fundraising solicitations via text from Kari Lake for Senate. Text HELP for help, STOP to end. Message & data rates may apply. Message frequency varies. Messages include donation links. Privacy Policy & Terms Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
" * " indicates required fields
JOIN OUR FIGHT
10147 W Grand Avenue Suite B4 Sun City, AZ
2116 Stockton Hill Road Suite D Kingman, AZ
7030 W Oakland Chandler, AZ
4801 E Broadway Blvd Tucson, AZ
241 W Cottonwood Ln Suite 136 Casa Grande, AZ
3210 E Bell Rd Building 11 Mesa, AZ
3033 N Central Avenue Floor 3 Phoenix, AZ
Yard Sign Pickup
YARD SIGN PICK UP LOCATIONS​
We need your support in the days ahead.
JOIN OUR FIGHT
Privacy Policy Overview
Welcome to the official website or mobile application (the Sites) of Kari Lake for Senate.
This Privacy Policy outlines our practices for collection, use, and disclosure of your information that you provide to us when you use our Site and other Kari Lake for Senate mobile applications that display this policy (the Sites). By using these Sites, you agree that your use of the Sites is governed by this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service. From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically check this Site for updates. We will alert you to changes that have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was last updated. Your continued use of the Site affirms your agreement to any changes we make to this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected and How it is Collected
Voluntary Information: We may collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us including your name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number, mobile number, and geographic location. You may provide this information when you request information, register, make a purchase, send us an email, sign up to receive email or text messages updates, connect through a social feed, fill out a form or for other purposes. We may also collect demographic information such as gender, date of birth, occupation, employer name and zip code. When this information is linked to personally identifiable information, it will be treated as voluntary personal information. In limited circumstances, we may collect payment information such as credit card number where needed to complete a requested service or transaction. Voluntary personal information does not include aggregate data (data about a group or category of users that has been stripped of identifiable information about individual users) that we may collect about the use of the Sites. This policy does not restrict our collection and use of such aggregate information.
By requesting information to your mobile phone, we may obtain the following information from you in connection with our SMS service: your cell phone number, your carrier’s name, and the date, time and content of your messages, as well as other information that you provide. We will use such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Automatically Generated Information: We may also collect non-personally identifiable information that is generated automatically while you are visiting the Site or elsewhere on the Internet when our advertisements are served, also known as log files. This data includes, but is not limited to, information such as IP address, web pages visited before and after visiting the Site, date and time, domain type, type of mobile device you use, your device’s unique ID, web pages you view and links you click on within the Site and interactions with our advertisements delivered by us or advertisements delivered by a third-party advertising technology vendor. This type of information may be collected using different types of technologies, such as cookies and pixels. An IP address, for example, is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices used to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit our Site, we may view the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. We use this information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand from what regions of the world our Site visitors come. We also may use your non-personally identifiable information to enhance our Site.
All Site users remain anonymous unless they choose to give us their personal information. You may elect not to allow us to collect and use this non-personally identifiable data as part of our Service by following the Opt Out procedures described below.
Cookies and Other Technologies
Overview: We may use cookies and other technologies to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses the Site or visits a website in our network. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser at the request of a website. Cookies help us improve your experience on our Sites, however, if you wish to block, erase or be warned of the use of cookies, please refer to the paragraph below entitled Disabling Cookies or to your browser manufacturer. When you view a video on our Sites, a third party may also set a “flash cookie” on your computer. Since removing and rejecting browser cookies may not also remove or reject flash cookies, you will also need to visit: www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security in order to delete or disable flash cookies. Rejecting or removing browser or flash cookies may affect certain features of our Sites.
This website uses third party vendors such as Google to help analyze how users use the site. For example, Google Analytics uses cookies to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Kari Lake for Senate.
Google Analytics collects information anonymously. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither Kari Lake for Senate, nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our Site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this Google page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en .
We may use other companies to set cookies on our Site and advertisements and gather cookie information for us. In some cases, we may also use another company to operate web servers or process credit card purchases for our Site. The Site may use cookies and other technology to speed navigation and keep track of items and to gather anonymous traffic data that we may use to enhance the Sites, our Services, marketing, and other internal purposes. This Policy does not apply to, and Kari Lake for Senate is not responsible for, cookies used by the third parties. If you select “remember me” on your computer when logging on to the Site, Kari Lake for Senate will set a persistent cookie to store your username and password so that you do not have to enter it more than once. It also allows us to send confirmations, receipts, updates, alerts and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of and our administration and operation of the Site. The persistent cookie also enables Kari Lake for Senate to track and target the interests of users to enhance the experience on the Site. The persistent cookie is removed when you uncheck the “remember me” check box.
Disabling Cookies: The “Help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive cookies, and how to disable cookies altogether. Note that if you reject or block cookies, it may affect your ability to enjoy the full functionality and experience of our Site.
Web Beacons: Pages of our Site and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit Kari Lake for Senate, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or [opened an e-mail] and for other related web site statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Information Use and Sharing
Use of Personal Information: If we receive your personal information, we will only use it for the purposes described where it is collected or otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We may share this information outside of Kari Lake for Senate if (1) you authorize us to do so; (2) it is necessary to allow our service providers or agents to provide products or services for us, (3) it is necessary in order to provide our products or services to you (and contacting you when necessary), (4) subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is disclosed to entities that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other entities with whom we have service agreements, (5) subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is necessary in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Kari Lake for Senate, (6) it is necessary in connection with other business purposes including, without limitation, responding to your inquiries or requests for information or services, customer care, service quality, business management and operation, risk assessment, security, fraud and crime prevention/detection, monitoring, research and analysis, customer purchasing preferences and trends, dispute resolution, credit checking and debt collection, (7) it is necessary to disclose in order to protect or defend our rights or property or those of our users, (8) it is necessary to disclose in order to protect the personal safety of our users or the public, (9) it is necessary for us to provide it to our attorneys, accountants, regulators, auditors or other advisors, or (10) otherwise as we are required or permitted by law or required to comply with legal process served upon us, our agents, representatives or our affiliates. We may also aggregate your personal information with the information of others and may disclose such information in aggregate form for marketing and promotional purposes in a way that would not identify you individually. All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information: Kari Lake for Senate or our service providers or agents that provide services for us may use non-personally identifiable information as part of the Services to better tailor advertisements and other content in an effort to create a more relevant experience for each person that visits the Site or elsewhere on the Internet. This non-personally identifiable information may also be used to predict responses to advertisements, to help determine which ads perform best and which content is most appropriate for different individuals, to measure and optimize the effectiveness of advertisements, and to provide aggregate reporting to our service providers or agents and for our and their internal purposes. Nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregated, non-personally identifiable information with third parties.
We use various website analytics tools and technologies regarding activities on our Site that require storage of web session data. The overall aim of these tools is to aid in making our Site easy to use, to proactively identify and correct error conditions and to provide more relevant advertising and content to you. These tools and technologies are also used to assist Site visitors who report problems in the use of our Site. Stored web session data is used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Third Party Use of Cookies: We use cookies to compile aggregate non-personally identifiable data about Site traffic and Site interaction so that we can offer better Site experiences and tools in the future. We may also share non-personally identifiable information with companies such as agencies, ad networks, or exchanges to enable them to analyze user behaviors or to customize the ads that you encounter.
Contests and Other Promotions: On our Site, you may wish to participate in contests and other promotions that we may offer from time to time. Through these promotions, you may choose to participate in activities such as sharing information found on our Site with others and sending e-mail invitations. In connection with any contests and other promotions that we may offer from time to time via our Site, we use the information you provide to administer the contests and other promotions. Subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, we also may use the information to communicate with you, or the other people you select, about our products and services or our service providers or agents partners may use such information to communicate with you about the contests and other promotions or their products and services. If you choose to participate in these promotions, and are eligible to do so, we may ask you for information such as your name, e-mail address, date of birth and telephone number.
Third Party Features
Third Party Links: For your convenience, we may include or offer third party offers, products or services on our Site. Third party vendors may use cookies or other technologies to serve ads on other websites based on your visit to this Site and other web sites on the Internet. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of any web sites or pages not under our control and we do not endorse any of these web sites or pages, the services or products described or offered on such sites or pages, or any of the content contained on those sites or pages. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Site and welcome any feedback about these web sites. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of these third parties before disclosing information to the third parties directly.
Social Media Platforms and Websites: Any information, communications, or material of any type or nature that you submit to our Site (including, but not limited to any of our pages contained on a social media platform or web site such as Facebook or Twitter) by e-mail, posting, messaging, uploading, downloading, or otherwise (collectively, a “Submission”), is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of any social media platform or website and we are therefore not responsible for any content or Submissions contained on such sites and platforms. By visiting any of our pages or web sites that are contained on a social media platform or web site, you are representing and warranting to us that you have reviewed the applicable privacy policy and terms of use of such platform or web site and that you will abide by all such provisions contained therein.
Additionally, in the event that we offer a message board or any other interactive or social-type feature on a web site administered directly by us, please be aware that these areas may allow you to publicly post, and share with other users, certain messages, content, or other information (e.g., stories, pictures, ingredients, tips, etc.). Although we may take certain precautions to protect those who use these areas of one of our web sites, we encourage you to be wary of giving out any personal information in such public forums. The information you post can be collected and used by people you don’t know. We cannot guarantee the privacy and safety of these areas and are therefore not responsible for any information you choose to post. Your use of these features is fully at your own risk.
E-mail: We appreciate your questions and comments about our Site and services and welcome your e-mails and questions submitted to our Site. We will share your messages with those within our organization who are most capable of addressing the issues contained in your message. We may archive your message for a certain period of time or discard it, but your e-mail address and message will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Submitting your e-mail: Submitting your address anywhere on the Site may result in your e-mail address being added to Kari Lake for Senate’s e-mail list. You may unsubscribe to Kari Lake for Senate’s e-mails at any time by opting out of e-mail subscriptions with the “unsubscribe” link included in each e-mail or by following the Opt-Out procedures provided below. Your e-mail address will be removed from our marketing list. Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in process.
Suggesting the Site to a Friend: If you elect to use any feature that includes suggesting a page to a friend or to inform a friend about the Site or solicit donations or pledges or otherwise communicate, Kari Lake for Senate may ask for your friend’s name and e-mail address. The Site may automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail inviting them to visit the Sites or otherwise provide the information requested by you. Kari Lake for Senate will store and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your friend may contact Kari Lake for Senate to request the removal of this information from our databases.
We employ and maintain technology and security measures designed to protect your personal information. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as 100 percent secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us.
Overview: We may use non-personally identifiable information to provide more relevant advertising and content. If you elect to opt out of this type of advertising, we will place a cookie on your browser computer to flag that we should not collect data to tailor advertising to your browser. If you delete your cookies, install a new browser, or use a different computer, you may need to revisit this page to opt out. You can also visit the Digital Advertising Alliance site, by clicking here www.aboutads.info/choices, to opt out of interest-based advertising from other third parties using cookies. In addition, you may email us at info@kariforus.com requesting to opt-out of our collection of certain data.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Law “the CCPA”, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, e-mail and mailing address and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, write to us at (with a reference to California Disclosure Information): info@kariforus.com. In addition, a California resident who has provided Personal Information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for purposes related to personal, family, or household use (“California user”) is entitled to opt-out of the sale of his or her personal information collected on our site. While, from our understanding, the CCPA does not currently apply to our use of collected data, a California user may nevertheless make an opt-out request by emailing info@kariforus.com with “California Opt-Out” as the subject line. We will respond to such requests for information access or opt-outs within 45 days following receipt at the e-mail or mailing address stated above. If we receive your request at a different e-mail or mailing address or in the event of other extenuating circumstances, we will respond within a reasonable period of time, but not to exceed 135 days from the date received.
Your Nevada Privacy Rights
Under Nevada Law, Nevada residents may be entitled to opt-out of the sale of personal data collected on our site. As of the date of this policy, we do not knowingly engage in the “sale” of “personal information” of Nevada residents, based on our understanding of how the term “sale” is defined under Nevada law. Nevertheless, a Nevada resident may make an opt-out request by emailing info@kariforus.com with “Nevada Opt-Out” as the subject line.
We strongly encourage parents and guardians to regularly monitor and supervise their children’s online activities. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
When you make a contribution to Kari Lake for Senate federal law requires us to obtain the following information: name, mailing address, employer, occupation, and amount of contribution. Federal law also requires us to report this information to the Federal Election Commission if an individual’s contributions aggregate in excess of $200 in a single calendar year. Any credit card information provided is only used to immediately process your donation. All contributions made to the Site are considered final unless the donation is not in compliance with federal election law and/or Federal Election Commission regulations. All purchases from the online store are considered contributions to Kari Lake for Senate.
Visiting our Site from outside of the United States
If you are visiting our Site from outside of the United States of America, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States, where our servers are located, and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy. By using our Site, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
Please contact us if you have questions about our Privacy Policy at info@kariforus.com . You may also write to us at the following address:
Kari Lake for Senate
4040 E Camelback Rd, Suite 103
Phoenix, AZ 85018
SMS Terms of Service
Go to karilake.com to sign up to receive fundraising solicitations with donation links and campaign notifications from Kari Lake for Senate. After signing up, you will receive a text message from us on your mobile number. Message frequency may vary. Message and data rates may apply.
Compatible carriers include AT&T, T-Mobile®️, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost, Alltel (Verizon Wireless), U.S. Cellular, Cellular One, MetroPCS, ACS/Alaska, Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Centennial Wireless, Cox Communications, EKN/Appalachian Wireless, GCI, Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix/Keystone Wireless, Inland Cellular, Nex-Tech Wireless, Rural Cellular Corporation, Thumb Cellular, United Wireless, West Central (WCC), Cellcom, C Spire Wireless CellSouth, Cricket, Cincinnati Bell and Virgin Mobile®️. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
To discontinue receiving SMS messages from Kari Lake for Senate, text STOP to 70789. For additional help, text HELP or contact info@kariforus.com .
Kari Lake for Senate respects your right to privacy.
JOIN OUR FIGHT
Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Overview Welcome to the official website or mobile application (the Sites) of Kari Lake for Senate. This Privacy Policy outlines our practices for collection, use, and disclosure of your information that you provide to us when you use our Site and other Kari Lake for Senate mobile applications that display this policy (the Sites). By using these Sites, you agree that your use of the Sites is governed by this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service. From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically check this Site for updates. We will alert you to changes that have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was last updated. Your continued use of the Site affirms your agreement to any changes we make to this Privacy Policy. Information Collected and How it is Collected Voluntary Information: We may collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us including your name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number, mobile number, and geographic location. You may provide this information when you request information, register, make a purchase, send us an email, sign up to receive email or text messages updates, connect through a social feed, fill out a form or for other purposes. We may also collect demographic information such as gender, date of birth, occupation, employer name and zip code. When this information is linked to personally identifiable information, it will be treated as voluntary personal information. In limited circumstances, we may collect payment information such as credit card number where needed to complete a requested service or transaction. Voluntary personal information does not include aggregate data (data about a group or category of users that has been stripped of identifiable information about individual users) that we may collect about the use of the Sites. This policy does not restrict our collection and use of such aggregate information. By requesting information to your mobile phone, we may obtain the following information from you in connection with our SMS service: your cell phone number, your carrier’s name, and the date, time and content of your messages, as well as other information that you provide. We will use such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Automatically Generated Information: We may also collect non-personally identifiable information that is generated automatically while you are visiting the Site or elsewhere on the Internet when our advertisements are served, also known as log files. This data includes, but is not limited to, information such as IP address, web pages visited before and after visiting the Site, date and time, domain type, type of mobile device you use, your device’s unique ID, web pages you view and links you click on within the Site and interactions with our advertisements delivered by us or advertisements delivered by a third-party advertising technology vendor. This type of information may be collected using different types of technologies, such as cookies and pixels. An IP address, for example, is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices used to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit our Site, we may view the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. We use this information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand from what regions of the world our Site visitors come. We also may use your non-personally identifiable information to enhance our Site. All Site users remain anonymous unless they choose to give us their personal information. You may elect not to allow us to collect and use this non-personally identifiable data as part of our Service by following the Opt Out procedures described below. Cookies and Other Technologies Overview: We may use cookies and other technologies to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses the Site or visits a website in our network. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser at the request of a website. Cookies help us improve your experience on our Sites, however, if you wish to block, erase or be warned of the use of cookies, please refer to the paragraph below entitled Disabling Cookies or to your browser manufacturer. When you view a video on our Sites, a third party may also set a “flash cookie” on your computer. Since removing and rejecting browser cookies may not also remove or reject flash cookies, you will also need to visit: www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security in order to delete or disable flash cookies. Rejecting or removing browser or flash cookies may affect certain features of our Sites. This website uses third party vendors such as Google to help analyze how users use the site. For example, Google Analytics uses cookies to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Kari Lake for Senate. Google Analytics collects information anonymously. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither Kari Lake for Senate, nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our Site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this Google page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en . We may use other companies to set cookies on our Site and advertisements and gather cookie information for us. In some cases, we may also use another company to operate web servers or process credit card purchases for our Site. The Site may use cookies and other technology to speed navigation and keep track of items and to gather anonymous traffic data that we may use to enhance the Sites, our Services, marketing, and other internal purposes. This Policy does not apply to, and Kari Lake for Senate is not responsible for, cookies used by the third parties. If you select “remember me” on your computer when logging on to the Site, Kari Lake for Senate will set a persistent cookie to store your username and password so that you do not have to enter it more than once. It also allows us to send confirmations, receipts, updates, alerts and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of and our administration and operation of the Site. The persistent cookie also enables Kari Lake for Senate to track and target the interests of users to enhance the experience on the Site. The persistent cookie is removed when you uncheck the “remember me” check box. Disabling Cookies: The “Help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive cookies, and how to disable cookies altogether. Note that if you reject or block cookies, it may affect your ability to enjoy the full functionality and experience of our Site. Web Beacons: Pages of our Site and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit Kari Lake for Senate, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or [opened an e-mail] and for other related web site statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity). Information Use and Sharing Use of Personal Information: If we receive your personal information, we will only use it for the purposes described where it is collected or otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We may share this information outside of Kari Lake for Senate if (1) you authorize us to do so; (2) it is necessary to allow our service providers or agents to provide products or services for us, (3) it is necessary in order to provide our products or services to you (and contacting you when necessary), (4) subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is disclosed to entities that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other entities with whom we have service agreements, (5) subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is necessary in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Kari Lake for Senate, (6) it is necessary in connection with other business purposes including, without limitation, responding to your inquiries or requests for information or services, customer care, service quality, business management and operation, risk assessment, security, fraud and crime prevention/detection, monitoring, research and analysis, customer purchasing preferences and trends, dispute resolution, credit checking and debt collection, (7) it is necessary to disclose in order to protect or defend our rights or property or those of our users, (8) it is necessary to disclose in order to protect the personal safety of our users or the public, (9) it is necessary for us to provide it to our attorneys, accountants, regulators, auditors or other advisors, or (10) otherwise as we are required or permitted by law or required to comply with legal process served upon us, our agents, representatives or our affiliates. We may also aggregate your personal information with the information of others and may disclose such information in aggregate form for marketing and promotional purposes in a way that would not identify you individually. All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties. Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information: Kari Lake for Senate or our service providers or agents that provide services for us may use non-personally identifiable information as part of the Services to better tailor advertisements and other content in an effort to create a more relevant experience for each person that visits the Site or elsewhere on the Internet. This non-personally identifiable information may also be used to predict responses to advertisements, to help determine which ads perform best and which content is most appropriate for different individuals, to measure and optimize the effectiveness of advertisements, and to provide aggregate reporting to our service providers or agents and for our and their internal purposes. Nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregated, non-personally identifiable information with third parties. We use various website analytics tools and technologies regarding activities on our Site that require storage of web session data. The overall aim of these tools is to aid in making our Site easy to use, to proactively identify and correct error conditions and to provide more relevant advertising and content to you. These tools and technologies are also used to assist Site visitors who report problems in the use of our Site. Stored web session data is used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Third Party Use of Cookies: We use cookies to compile aggregate non-personally identifiable data about Site traffic and Site interaction so that we can offer better Site experiences and tools in the future. We may also share non-personally identifiable information with companies such as agencies, ad networks, or exchanges to enable them to analyze user behaviors or to customize the ads that you encounter. Contests and Other Promotions: On our Site, you may wish to participate in contests and other promotions that we may offer from time to time. Through these promotions, you may choose to participate in activities such as sharing information found on our Site with others and sending e-mail invitations. In connection with any contests and other promotions that we may offer from time to time via our Site, we use the information you provide to administer the contests and other promotions. Subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, we also may use the information to communicate with you, or the other people you select, about our products and services or our service providers or agents partners may use such information to communicate with you about the contests and other promotions or their products and services. If you choose to participate in these promotions, and are eligible to do so, we may ask you for information such as your name, e-mail address, date of birth and telephone number. Third Party Features Third Party Links: For your convenience, we may include or offer third party offers, products or services on our Site. Third party vendors may use cookies or other technologies to serve ads on other websites based on your visit to this Site and other web sites on the Internet. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of any web sites or pages not under our control and we do not endorse any of these web sites or pages, the services or products described or offered on such sites or pages, or any of the content contained on those sites or pages. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Site and welcome any feedback about these web sites. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of these third parties before disclosing information to the third parties directly. Social Media Platforms and Websites: Any information, communications, or material of any type or nature that you submit to our Site (including, but not limited to any of our pages contained on a social media platform or web site such as Facebook or Twitter) by e-mail, posting, messaging, uploading, downloading, or otherwise (collectively, a “Submission”), is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of any social media platform or website and we are therefore not responsible for any content or Submissions contained on such sites and platforms. By visiting any of our pages or web sites that are contained on a social media platform or web site, you are representing and warranting to us that you have reviewed the applicable privacy policy and terms of use of such platform or web site and that you will abide by all such provisions contained therein. Additionally, in the event that we offer a message board or any other interactive or social-type feature on a web site administered directly by us, please be aware that these areas may allow you to publicly post, and share with other users, certain messages, content, or other information (e.g., stories, pictures, ingredients, tips, etc.). Although we may take certain precautions to protect those who use these areas of one of our web sites, we encourage you to be wary of giving out any personal information in such public forums. The information you post can be collected and used by people you don’t know. We cannot guarantee the privacy and safety of these areas and are therefore not responsible for any information you choose to post. Your use of these features is fully at your own risk. Email Signups E-mail: We appreciate your questions and comments about our Site and services and welcome your e-mails and questions submitted to our Site. We will share your messages with those within our organization who are most capable of addressing the issues contained in your message. We may archive your message for a certain period of time or discard it, but your e-mail address and message will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Submitting your e-mail: Submitting your address anywhere on the Site may result in your e-mail address being added to Kari Lake for Senate’s e-mail list. You may unsubscribe to Kari Lake for Senate’s e-mails at any time by opting out of e-mail subscriptions with the “unsubscribe” link included in each e-mail or by following the Opt-Out procedures provided below. Your e-mail address will be removed from our marketing list. Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in process. Suggesting the Site to a Friend: If you elect to use any feature that includes suggesting a page to a friend or to inform a friend about the Site or solicit donations or pledges or otherwise communicate, Kari Lake for Senate may ask for your friend’s name and e-mail address. The Site may automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail inviting them to visit the Sites or otherwise provide the information requested by you. Kari Lake for Senate will store and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your friend may contact Kari Lake for Senate to request the removal of this information from our databases. Security We employ and maintain technology and security measures designed to protect your personal information. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as 100 percent secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us. Opt Out Overview: We may use non-personally identifiable information to provide more relevant advertising and content. If you elect to opt out of this type of advertising, we will place a cookie on your browser computer to flag that we should not collect data to tailor advertising to your browser. If you delete your cookies, install a new browser, or use a different computer, you may need to revisit this page to opt out. You can also visit the Digital Advertising Alliance site, by clicking here www.aboutads.info/choices, to opt out of interest-based advertising from other third parties using cookies. In addition, you may email us at info@kariforus.com requesting to opt-out of our collection of certain data. Your California Privacy Rights Under California Law “the CCPA”, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, e-mail and mailing address and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, write to us at (with a reference to California Disclosure Information): info@kariforus.com. In addition, a California resident who has provided Personal Information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for purposes related to personal, family, or household use (“California user”) is entitled to opt-out of the sale of his or her personal information collected on our site. While, from our understanding, the CCPA does not currently apply to our use of collected data, a California user may nevertheless make an opt-out request by emailing info@kariforus.com with “California Opt-Out” as the subject line. We will respond to such requests for information access or opt-outs within 45 days following receipt at the e-mail or mailing address stated above. If we receive your request at a different e-mail or mailing address or in the event of other extenuating circumstances, we will respond within a reasonable period of time, but not to exceed 135 days from the date received. Your Nevada Privacy Rights Under Nevada Law, Nevada residents may be entitled to opt-out of the sale of personal data collected on our site. As of the date of this policy, we do not knowingly engage in the “sale” of “personal information” of Nevada residents, based on our understanding of how the term “sale” is defined under Nevada law. Nevertheless, a Nevada resident may make an opt-out request by emailing info@kariforus.com with “Nevada Opt-Out” as the subject line. Children We strongly encourage parents and guardians to regularly monitor and supervise their children’s online activities. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. Donations When you make a contribution to Kari Lake for Senate federal law requires us to obtain the following information: name, mailing address, employer, occupation, and amount of contribution. Federal law also requires us to report this information to the Federal Election Commission if an individual’s contributions aggregate in excess of $200 in a single calendar year. Any credit card information provided is only used to immediately process your donation. All contributions made to the Site are considered final unless the donation is not in compliance with federal election law and/or Federal Election Commission regulations. All purchases from the online store are considered contributions to Kari Lake for Senate. Visiting our Site from outside of the United States If you are visiting our Site from outside of the United States of America, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States, where our servers are located, and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy. By using our Site, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy. Contact Us Please contact us if you have questions about our Privacy Policy at info@kariforus.com . You may also write to us at the following address: Kari Lake for Senate 4040 E Camelback Rd, Suite 103 Phoenix, AZ 85018 SMS Terms of Service Go to karilake.com to sign up to receive fundraising solicitations with donation links and campaign notifications from Kari Lake for Senate. After signing up, you will receive a text message from us on your mobile number. Message frequency may vary. Message and data rates may apply. Compatible carriers include AT&T, T-Mobile®️, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost, Alltel (Verizon Wireless), U.S. Cellular, Cellular One, MetroPCS, ACS/Alaska, Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Centennial Wireless, Cox Communications, EKN/Appalachian Wireless, GCI, Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix/Keystone Wireless, Inland Cellular, Nex-Tech Wireless, Rural Cellular Corporation, Thumb Cellular, United Wireless, West Central (WCC), Cellcom, C Spire Wireless CellSouth, Cricket, Cincinnati Bell and Virgin Mobile®️. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. To discontinue receiving SMS messages from Kari Lake for Senate, text STOP to 70789. For additional help, text HELP or contact info@kariforus.com . Kari Lake for Senate respects your right to privacy.
More on New York Post→
More on The Dallas Express→
More on The Latin Times→
More on Just the News→
More on The Western Journal→
More on Newsweek→
More on Townhall→
More on Washington Reporter→
More on AZ Central→
More on The Hill→
More on Newsmax→
More on New York Post→
Click here to join the largest grassroots movement in America.
LIVE BLOG – Kari Lake leads in new poll as Arizona Senate race tightens
Republican Kari Lake Pulls Ahead In Crucial Swing State Senate Race
Trump-Ally Kari Lake Surges In Arizona Senate Polls , Erasing Lead From Democratic Opponent in Home Stretch
Kari Lake surging in Arizona Senate race less than one week before election
Kari Lake Takes Lead in Arizona US Senate Race: Top Pollster
Kari Lake Closing Gap in Senate Race, New Poll Shows
KARI LAKE OP-ED: Why We Should Build Trump’s Border Wall ASAP
Interview: Kari Lake’s case to defeat “Nancy Pelosi with a beard”
Senate candidate Kari Lake: ‘I want to go to Washington to help Donald Trump’
Trump praises Lake’s debate performance in Arizona Senate race
Mercedes Schlapp: Kari Lake Will Restore Hope in Washington
Kari Lake highlights Ruben Gallego’s progressive record in Arizona Senate debate as early voting begins
JOIN OUR FIGHT
LIVE BLOG – Kari Lake leads in new poll as Arizona Senate race tightens More on New York Post→ Read More → November 2, 2024
Republican Kari Lake Pulls Ahead In Crucial Swing State Senate Race More on The Dallas Express→ Read More → October 30, 2024
Trump-Ally Kari Lake Surges In Arizona Senate Polls , Erasing Lead From Democratic Opponent in Home Stretch More on The Latin Times→ Read More → October 30, 2024
Kari Lake surging in Arizona Senate race less than one week before election More on Just the News→ Read More → October 30, 2024
Kari Lake Takes Lead in Arizona US Senate Race: Top Pollster More on The Western Journal→ Read More → October 30, 2024
Kari Lake Closing Gap in Senate Race, New Poll Shows More on Newsweek→ Read More → October 29, 2024
KARI LAKE OP-ED: Why We Should Build Trump’s Border Wall ASAP More on Townhall→ Read More → October 23, 2024
Interview: Kari Lake’s case to defeat “Nancy Pelosi with a beard” More on Washington Reporter→ Read More → October 21, 2024
Senate candidate Kari Lake: ‘I want to go to Washington to help Donald Trump’ More on AZ Central→ Read More → October 13, 2024
Trump praises Lake’s debate performance in Arizona Senate race More on The Hill→ Read More → October 13, 2024
Mercedes Schlapp: Kari Lake Will Restore Hope in Washington More on Newsmax→ Read More → October 11, 2024
Kari Lake highlights Ruben Gallego’s progressive record in Arizona Senate debate as early voting begins More on New York Post→ Read More → October 10, 2024
The election is three days away and the candidates are sprinting to the finish line.
Trump held a rally in Virginia and Kamala Harris is set to appear on SNL.
A shock poll sees the VP ahead by three points in Iowa.
This live blog has ended. Follow The Post’s live updates on the presidential election here.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., — GOP Vice Presidential nominee JD Vance made his presumably final pitch to Arizona voters before Election Day at a rally in Scottsdale, a bellwether city in the critical swing state.
“We’re in a very, very good spot… but I don’t want us to rest on our laurels here,” Vance said about the state of play in Arizona.
“Our message to Kamala Harris is: You’re fired. Go back to San Francisco,” Vance added.
Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Walz is also making the rounds in the swing state on Saturday with stops in Tucson and Flagstaff.
Trump leads Arizonas by 2.3 percent according to RealClearPolitics averages.
The Harris-Walz campaign claims Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz “stuttered” while trying to say “that guy got” – inadvertently resulting in the Democratic vice presidential nominee calling Elon Musk “that gay guy.”
"In the video, you can hear someone in the crowd yell ‘dips–t! when the governor brings up Musk,” a spokesman for the Harris-Walz campaign told The Post. “The governor started laughing and stuttered while trying to say ‘that guy got’ — he did not refer to Elon as a gay guy.”
“He got stuck on the G in that guy got while trying not to laugh at the remark from the crowd."
While the remark drew swift backlash on social media, the billionaire mogul — who has become a vocal supporter of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump — brushed it off.
"I have no problem being called gay tbh," the X, SpaceX and Tesla mogul wrote on X.
MILWAUKEE -- Former presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr. slammed election officials in Wisconsin and Michigan Friday for refusing to take his name off 2024 ballots.
“They did that because they want to confuse voters,” Kennedy argued at a Milwaukee rally for former President Donald Trump. “They want to interfere with the election because they're keeping somebody on the ballot who's not running.”
“So when you go to the voting booth on Tuesday, you're going to see my name on the ballot – I do not want your vote. I want you to vote for Donald Trump,” he said.
A Marquette University Law School poll released earlier this week found Kennedy polling at 5% in Wisconsin.
The latest RealClearPolitics average of polls has Trump trailing Kamala Harris by 0.3 percentage points in the Badger State.
Comedian Keegan-Michael Key argued that Vice President Kamala Harris is the "only choice" on Election Day as he spoke at a campaign rally for her in Milwaukee on Friday.
“Now, we've all heard, in one form or another, that this election is about a choice,” Key told the crowd.
“I mean, yes, by definition, there's a choice. But that's like saying that there's a choice on how to travel from Canada to the United States,” he continued.
“You can either, you know, drive a car or take a plane ticket over the border or you can take a barrel over Niagara Falls,” the comedian quipped.
“In this election, the choice is even clearer,” Key argued. “The only choice is Harris and Walz.”
Rapper Cardi B is also expected to address the crowd ahead of Harris’ remarks tonight.
MILWAUKEE, Wis. — Trump supporter Peter Schmidt wore a yellow vest to the ex-president's rally in Milwaukee Friday night as a sign of pride for "everyday Americans."
"We are not trash," Schmidt said of his sartorial choice as he took a break from dancing to the pre-rally music to speak with The Post.
The Milwaukee man described himself as an "everyday" American who believes in freedom and the Constitution.
"If you wanna say we're trash, that's fine. But this is who we are," he said as he patted his vest. "Everyday Americans."
MILWAUKEE, Wis. — Former Gov. Tommy Thompson (R-Wis.) told the Milwaukee crowd at Trump's rally in Milwaukee Friday night that the former president's garbage truck photo op in Green Bay, Wis., earlier this week came from his people.
"Did you like the garbage truck?" Thompson asked the roaring crowd in the Fiserv Forum in Milwaukee, where the Republican National Convention was held this summer.
"That idea was born in a coffee shop in Madison by two individuals who work for me and they put it up the ladder," Thompson said.
It wouldn't be the first time the ex-prez has taken advice for his campaign in Wisconsin. Thompson has said that he encouraged Trump to campaign in the traditionally blue strongholds of Milwaukee and Dane County.
During his speech, Thompson, 72, led the crowd in multiple cheers of, "Kamala, you are four years late and a dollar short and you are fired!"
MILWAUKEE, Wis. — A couple decked out in jackets emblazoned with Trump's face waiting to enter the former president's Milwaukee rally stepped out of the line to take pictures with Kamala Harris supporters.
The pictures were in good fun after the Harris supporters walked down the queue of Trump voters shouting Harris' name.
The couple in the jackets, Steve and Jodie McGuire, told The Post they voted early for Trump. Steve's top issue is border security. "The cost of groceries and gas," Jodie said.
DEARBORN, Mich. —— In predominantly Muslim Dearborn, Michigan, trucks are combing the streets with LED signs reading, “Stop Kamala, Stop War” and criticizing Vice President Harris for her relationship with Liz Cheney.
Donald Trump visited a Lebanese cafe in the Detroit area city today to appeal to Arab-American voters who are alienated by the middle eastern conflicts that have sprung up during the Biden-Harris administration.
The trucks are sponsored by ABE PAC, a pro-Trump organization which will hold a community outreach event with UFC fighters and former Ambassador Ric Grenell in Dearborn tonight.
That’s an awful lot of Louis.
Former first lady Melania Trump packed her bags and jetted out of New York City Friday en route to South Florida – where she will join her husband, former President Donald Trump, to watch the election results come in Nov. 5.
The 54-year-old’s luggage – including Louis Vuitton suitcases and several garment bags emblazoned with the presidential seal – was seen being loaded into a black SUV outside Trump Tower in Midtown, with some of the pricey parcels literally thrown into the back of the crammed vehicle, one on top of the other.
The SUV was a part of a motorcade that was later seen dropping off Melania and her towering 18-year-old son, Barron Trump, at LaGuardia Airport, where they boarded a private jet bound for West Palm Beach, Fla.
Tim Walz strangely called Elon Musk "gay."
"That guy, that gay guy," Walz said of Musk while talking about taxes on the campaign trail in Michigan.
"Michigan knows that word," Walz said, laughing.
While the remark drew swift backlash on social media, the billionaire mogul — who has become a vocal supporter of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump — brushed it off.
"I have no problem being called gay tbh," the X, SpaceX and Tesla mogul replied to a reshare of the video from a user who called Walz's comment "beyond pathetic."
"Shame on the Democrats," they wrote.
WASHINGTON — A former White House stenographer told The Post Friday that they can not recall a single instance of the presidential press office altering a transcript to soften inflammatory or embarrassing remarks — as officials have been accused of doing after President Biden called former President Donald Trump’s voters “garbage” Tuesday night.
“I don’t recall this happening ever in my six years as Biden’s vice presidential stenographer,” said Mike McCormick.
“Nor did it happen in the one year I served President Trump or the five years I served President [George W.] Bush. What goes in the transcript is what the White House stenographer hears and transcribes.” READ MORE
PHOENIX- Republican Kari Lake is experiencing a late surge of positive polling numbers.
A new Atlas Intel survey taken Wednesday and Thursday shows Lake leading Democratic Rep. Ruben Gallego 48.6% to 47.9% in the battle for the Grand Canyon State's Senate seat.
“These poll numbers show that Arizonans are ready for a leader who will fight for them and put their needs first. I’m honored to have their trust and momentum behind this movement,” Lake told The Post.
“Voters have learned who Ruben Gallego really is, and they are rejecting his failed leadership and empty promises. Arizona deserves better, and that’s why we’re winning."
The RealClearPolitics polling average still shows Gallego leading Lake by 3.9 percentage points. However, that margin has narrowed from just six days earlier, when the aggregator showed Lake down 6.1 percentage points.
Atlas Intel was dubbed the “most accurate” pollster of the 2020 presidential election cycle.
Businesses in the nation's capital have been spotted boarding up their glass windows before Election Day weekend in preparation for potential unrest.
This Pow Pow restaurant location is just blocks away from the White House and had wooden boards and sandbags in front of their large windows.
Strictly necessary cookies are essential for the website to function correctly. These cookies may also be used to assist in fraud prevention and security. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but without them, performance of the site may be affected and you may not be able to take full advantage of all services and/or features of the site.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
If you do not wish for us or our third party partners such as advertising networks and social media platforms to sell or share your personal information to others, please click the red "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information/Opt-Out” button provided below. If you access this site and/or app from other devices or browsers, or clear your cookies on your devices or browsers, you will need to indicate your preferences again from those devices or browsers. Please note that after making your “Do Not Sell or Share” request, you may still see advertising and we may continue to share personal information with our service providers who use such information on our behalf. To learn more about interest-based advertising across sites and additional opt-out choices, you can visit http://optout.aboutads.info and http://optout.networkadvertising.org .
Functionality cookies collect information regarding your choices and preferences (such as, your language preference, user name, or location) to provide a more personalized online experience and show you content relevant to where you are, such as customizing a certain webpage or remembering if we have asked you to sign up for our Services.  With mobile or other internet enabled devices, functionality cookies may collect a unique identifier assigned to an internet enabled device (mobile, tablet), geolocation data or other traffic information for that device.  These features help us improve your experience with the website, for example, to determine the appropriate device location during a session or count articles viewed.
We and our service providers, such as Google Analytics, use analytics cookies to collect information about your use of the website to help create reports and statistics on the performance of the website, which enable us to improve the way the site works.  Analytics cookies collect information such as your IP address, type of device, operating system, referring URLs, country information data and time of page visits, and pages visited.  This information allows us to identify overall patterns of usage on the website, and help us record any difficulties you have with website.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Strictly necessary cookies are essential for the website to function correctly. These cookies may be used to assist in fraud prevention, security and to enable filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but without them, some parts of the website may not work. Functionality cookies may collect a unique identifier assigned to an internet enabled device (mobile, tablet), geolocation data or other traffic information for that device.  These features help us improve your experience with the website, for example, to determine the appropriate device location during a session or store language settings.
2024 presidential election live updates from Nov. 1-2
What we covered
J.D. Vance says his message to Kamala Harris is 'you're fired' at AZ stop: 'Go back to San Francisco'
Campaign says Walz misspoke when he called Elon Musk ‘that gay guy’
RFK Jr. slams state election officials keeping his name on 2024 ballots
Comedian Keegan-Michael Key says ‘the only choice' is Harris-Walz
Milwaukee Trump supporter embraces trash-talk with yellow vest
Former Wisconsin Gov. Tommy Thompson reveals source of Trump's garbage truck photo op
Couple find unique way to show off their Trump support
Trucks with 'Stop Kamala, Stop War' signs deployed streets of Dearborn, Michigan
Melania Trump loads up luggage in NYC as she heads to Florida to join Don for election night event
Tim Walz refers to Elon Musk as 'that gay guy'
Exclusive: Ex-White House stenographer on Biden ‘garbage’ transcript edit: ‘Don’t recall this happening ever’
Kari Lake leads in new poll as Arizona Senate race tightens
Boards go up in DC as Election Day nears
Now on Page Six
Lip reader reveals what Trump and Obama discussed at Jimmy Carter's funeral
Celebrities turn on Dems, blast LA mayor for fire response: 'Ruined our state'
All the celebrities affected by the deadly LA wildfires: Jeff Bridges, Candy Spelling and more
Actor hides behind boulders with no escape as LA fires destroy Malibu mansion: 'It was hell'
Jennifer Aydin’s husband, Bill, ‘not happy’ about Jersey Mike’s tantrum, warned her ‘not to post the video’
Zach Bryan claps back at ‘couch warriors’ attacking his friends online after Brianna Chickenfry split
Kyle Richards’ under-$40 necklace looks like real diamonds: ‘It’s crazy’
Celebrities turn on Dems, blast LA mayor for fire response
trending now in US News
Trending Now on NYPost.com
Eugene Levy, James Woods among celebrities evacuating their homes as LA wildfire rages
Lip reader reveals what Trump and Obama discussed at Jimmy Carter's funeral
NYP - Strictly Necessary Cookies and Similar Technologies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information for NYP Internet and Mobile Users
NYP - Functionality Cookies and Similar Technologies
NYP - Analytics Cookies and Similar Technologies
NYP - Unknown
Newscorp.com Strictly Necessary and Functionality Cookies
Lip reader reveals what Trump and Obama discussed at Jimmy...
Celebrities turn on Dems, blast LA mayor for fire response:...
Critical communication infrastructure under threat as Eaton Fire...
Harris appears to huff after spotting Trump, Obama having...
LA mayor blunders her way through warnings on 'the big one' —...
ABC's ‘narcissistic’ David Muir roasted for sprucing up...
Horrific drone shots show wildfire-ravaged LA resemble a war zone...
Obama whispers in Harris' ear, has warm exchange with George W....
Politics 2024 presidential election live updates from Nov. 1-2 By Josh Christenson , Diana Glebova , Ryan King , David Spector , Kaydi Pelletier , George Caldwell , Cameron Arcand , Steven Nelson , Amy Sikma and Carly Ortiz-Lytle Updated Nov. 3, 2024, 12:04 a.m. ET Trump announces new Cabinet position, policy to reduce cost of living Keep Watching Next video in 8 seconds 0 seconds of 30 seconds Volume 0% Press shift question mark to access a list of keyboard shortcuts Keyboard Shortcuts Enabled Disabled Shortcuts Open/Close / or ? Play/Pause SPACE Increase Volume ↑ Decrease Volume ↓ Seek Forward → Seek Backward ← Captions On/Off c Fullscreen/Exit Fullscreen f Mute/Unmute m Decrease Caption Size - Increase Caption Size + or = Seek % 0-9 Next Up Trump announces Tom Homan as ‘border czar’ | Reporter Replay 01:24 Subtitle Settings Off English Font Color White Font Opacity 100% Font Size 100% Font Family Arial Character Edge None Edge Color Black Background Color Black Background Opacity 50% Window Color Black Window Opacity 0% Reset White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan 100% 75% 50% 25% 200% 175% 150% 125% 100% 75% 50% Arial Courier Georgia Impact Lucida Console Tahoma Times New Roman Trebuchet MS Verdana None Raised Depressed Uniform Drop Shadow White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan 100% 75% 50% 25% 0% White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan 100% 75% 50% 25% 0% facebook x linkedin Link https://nypost.com/2024/11/01/us-news/2024-presidential-election-live-updates-11-1-2-24/ Copied Live 00:00 00:30 00:30 More Videos 01:24 Trump announces Tom Homan as ‘border czar’ | Reporter Replay 01:14 Trump supporters express their excitement on election day with garbage bags, flags and dance moves 02:03 Delicious 'Dollar Tree' Thanksgiving meal costs just $20 00:30 I broke my jaw on a jawbreaker — the candy lived up to its name 01:36 Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass refuses to defend her absence during wildfires 00:36 Smoke blankets southern California from Palisades wildfire 04:09 Thieves in terrible disguises steal $1.7M in jewelry 00:30 Toddler ruins gender reveal — it's girl no. 4 for this dad Close The election is three days away and the candidates are sprinting to the finish line. Trump held a rally in Virginia and Kamala Harris is set to appear on SNL. A shock poll sees the VP ahead by three points in Iowa. This live blog has ended. Follow The Post’s live updates on the presidential election here. What we covered 1/1 Skip Ad Continue watching after the ad Visit Advertiser website GO TO PAGE Donald Trump Jr. trolls President Biden, Dems with Halloween costume Election guru Nate Silver accuses pollsters of putting ‘finger on the scale,’ lying to keep presidential race close Exclusive | Conservative female radio host confronts Mark Cuban on air over Trump insult: ‘I probably should have given examples’ Pinned 2 months ago J.D. Vance says his message to Kamala Harris is 'you're fired' at AZ stop: 'Go back to San Francisco' By Cameron Arcand SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., — GOP Vice Presidential nominee JD Vance made his presumably final pitch to Arizona voters before Election Day at a rally in Scottsdale, a bellwether city in the critical swing state. “We’re in a very, very good spot… but I don’t want us to rest on our laurels here,” Vance said about the state of play in Arizona. “Our message to Kamala Harris is: You’re fired. Go back to San Francisco,” Vance added. J.D. Vance campaigned in Arizona. Brian Prahl  / SplashNews.com Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Walz is also making the rounds in the swing state on Saturday with stops in Tucson and Flagstaff. Trump leads Arizonas by 2.3 percent according to RealClearPolitics averages. Facebook Load Newer Entries Jump to Latest 2 months ago Campaign says Walz misspoke when he called Elon Musk ‘that gay guy’ By Victor Nava and Steven Nelson The Harris-Walz campaign claims Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz “stuttered” while trying to say “that guy got” – inadvertently resulting in the Democratic vice presidential nominee calling Elon Musk “that gay guy.” "In the video, you can hear someone in the crowd yell ‘dips–t! when the governor brings up Musk,” a spokesman for the Harris-Walz campaign told The Post. “The governor started laughing and stuttered while trying to say ‘that guy got’ — he did not refer to Elon as a gay guy.” “He got stuck on the G in that guy got while trying not to laugh at the remark from the crowd." While the remark drew swift backlash on social media, the billionaire mogul — who has become a vocal supporter of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump — brushed it off. "I have no problem being called gay tbh," the X, SpaceX and Tesla mogul wrote on X. Facebook 2 months ago RFK Jr. slams state election officials keeping his name on 2024 ballots By Victor Nava and Amy Sikma MILWAUKEE -- Former presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr. slammed election officials in Wisconsin and Michigan Friday for refusing to take his name off 2024 ballots. “They did that because they want to confuse voters,” Kennedy argued at a Milwaukee rally for former President Donald Trump. “They want to interfere with the election because they're keeping somebody on the ballot who's not running.” Robert F. Kennedy told Wisconsin voters he did not want their vote as he spoke Friday in favor of ex-President Donald Trump. AFP via Getty Images “So when you go to the voting booth on Tuesday, you're going to see my name on the ballot – I do not want your vote. I want you to vote for Donald Trump,” he said. A Marquette University Law School poll released earlier this week found Kennedy polling at 5% in Wisconsin. The latest RealClearPolitics average of polls has Trump trailing Kamala Harris by 0.3 percentage points in the Badger State. Facebook 2 months ago Comedian Keegan-Michael Key says ‘the only choice' is Harris-Walz By Victor Nava Comedian Keegan-Michael Key argued that Vice President Kamala Harris is the "only choice" on Election Day as he spoke at a campaign rally for her in Milwaukee on Friday. “Now, we've all heard, in one form or another, that this election is about a choice,” Key told the crowd. “I mean, yes, by definition, there's a choice. But that's like saying that there's a choice on how to travel from Canada to the United States,” he continued. “You can either, you know, drive a car or take a plane ticket over the border or you can take a barrel over Niagara Falls,” the comedian quipped. “In this election, the choice is even clearer,” Key argued. “The only choice is Harris and Walz.” Rapper Cardi B is also expected to address the crowd ahead of Harris’ remarks tonight. Facebook 2 months ago Milwaukee Trump supporter embraces trash-talk with yellow vest By Amy Sikma MILWAUKEE, Wis. — Trump supporter Peter Schmidt wore a yellow vest to the ex-president's rally in Milwaukee Friday night as a sign of pride for "everyday Americans." "We are not trash," Schmidt said of his sartorial choice as he took a break from dancing to the pre-rally music to speak with The Post. Trump supporter Peter Schmidt sports a yellow vest in Milwaukee as he describes himself as an "everyday" American. The Milwaukee man described himself as an "everyday" American who believes in freedom and the Constitution. "If you wanna say we're trash, that's fine. But this is who we are," he said as he patted his vest. "Everyday Americans." Facebook 2 months ago Former Wisconsin Gov. Tommy Thompson reveals source of Trump's garbage truck photo op By Amy Sikma MILWAUKEE, Wis. — Former Gov. Tommy Thompson (R-Wis.) told the Milwaukee crowd at Trump's rally in Milwaukee Friday night that the former president's garbage truck photo op in Green Bay, Wis., earlier this week came from his people. "Did you like the garbage truck?" Thompson asked the roaring crowd in the Fiserv Forum in Milwaukee, where the Republican National Convention was held this summer. Thompson delivered a fiery speech at the rally in Wisconsin. Tork Mason / USA TODAY NETWORK via Imagn Images "That idea was born in a coffee shop in Madison by two individuals who work for me and they put it up the ladder," Thompson said. It wouldn't be the first time the ex-prez has taken advice for his campaign in Wisconsin. Thompson has said that he encouraged Trump to campaign in the traditionally blue strongholds of Milwaukee and Dane County. During his speech, Thompson, 72, led the crowd in multiple cheers of, "Kamala, you are four years late and a dollar short and you are fired!" Facebook 2 months ago Couple find unique way to show off their Trump support By Amy Sikma MILWAUKEE, Wis. — A couple decked out in jackets emblazoned with Trump's face waiting to enter the former president's Milwaukee rally stepped out of the line to take pictures with Kamala Harris supporters. Steve and Jodie McGuire had fun as they waited for the Trump rally. Steve and Jodie McGuire The pictures were in good fun after the Harris supporters walked down the queue of Trump voters shouting Harris' name. The couple in the jackets, Steve and Jodie McGuire, told The Post they voted early for Trump. Steve's top issue is border security. "The cost of groceries and gas," Jodie said. Facebook 2 months ago Trucks with 'Stop Kamala, Stop War' signs deployed streets of Dearborn, Michigan By George Caldwell DEARBORN, Mich. —— In predominantly Muslim Dearborn, Michigan, trucks are combing the streets with LED signs reading, “Stop Kamala, Stop War” and criticizing Vice President Harris for her relationship with Liz Cheney. Donald Trump visited a Lebanese cafe in the Detroit area city today to appeal to Arab-American voters who are alienated by the middle eastern conflicts that have sprung up during the Biden-Harris administration. The trucks are sponsored by ABE PAC, a pro-Trump organization which will hold a community outreach event with UFC fighters and former Ambassador Ric Grenell in Dearborn tonight. Facebook 2 months ago Melania Trump loads up luggage in NYC as she heads to Florida to join Don for election night event By Victor Nava That’s an awful lot of Louis. Former first lady Melania Trump packed her bags and jetted out of New York City Friday en route to South Florida – where she will join her husband, former President Donald Trump, to watch the election results come in Nov. 5. About six garment covers  with the presidential seal were seen being loaded into a support vehicle that was a part of Melania Trump's motorcade outside Trump Tower Friday. Probe-Media for NY Post Barron Trump, a freshman at NYU, has rarely been seen on the 2024 campaign trail with Donald Trump. Probe-Media for NY Post The 54-year-old’s luggage – including Louis Vuitton suitcases and several garment bags emblazoned with the presidential seal – was seen being loaded into a black SUV outside Trump Tower in Midtown, with some of the pricey parcels literally thrown into the back of the crammed vehicle, one on top of the other. The SUV was a part of a motorcade that was later seen dropping off Melania and her towering 18-year-old son, Barron Trump, at LaGuardia Airport, where they boarded a private jet bound for West Palm Beach, Fla. READ MORE Facebook 2 months ago Tim Walz refers to Elon Musk as 'that gay guy' By Diana Glebova Tim Walz strangely called Elon Musk "gay." "That guy, that gay guy," Walz said of Musk while talking about taxes on the campaign trail in Michigan. "Michigan knows that word," Walz said, laughing. While the remark drew swift backlash on social media, the billionaire mogul — who has become a vocal supporter of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump — brushed it off. "I have no problem being called gay tbh," the X, SpaceX and Tesla mogul replied to a reshare of the video from a user who called Walz's comment "beyond pathetic." "Shame on the Democrats," they wrote. Facebook 2 months ago Exclusive: Ex-White House stenographer on Biden ‘garbage’ transcript edit: ‘Don’t recall this happening ever’ By Steven Nelson WASHINGTON — A former White House stenographer told The Post Friday that they can not recall a single instance of the presidential press office altering a transcript to soften inflammatory or embarrassing remarks — as officials have been accused of doing after President Biden called former President Donald Trump’s voters “garbage” Tuesday night. “I don’t recall this happening ever in my six years as Biden’s vice presidential stenographer,” said Mike McCormick. Biden said Trump supporters are "the only garbage I see floating out there" Tuesday in response to a comedian calling Puerto Rico a "floating island of garbage" on stage at Trump's Sunday Madison Square Garden rally. Voto Latino/X “Nor did it happen in the one year I served President Trump or the five years I served President [George W.] Bush. What goes in the transcript is what the White House stenographer hears and transcribes.” READ MORE Facebook 2 months ago Kari Lake leads in new poll as Arizona Senate race tightens By Cameron Arcand PHOENIX- Republican Kari Lake is experiencing a late surge of positive polling numbers. A new Atlas Intel survey taken Wednesday and Thursday shows Lake leading Democratic Rep. Ruben Gallego 48.6% to 47.9% in the battle for the Grand Canyon State's Senate seat. “These poll numbers show that Arizonans are ready for a leader who will fight for them and put their needs first. I’m honored to have their trust and momentum behind this movement,” Lake told The Post. The firebrand Arizona Republican is fighting tooth and nail for Arizona's open Senate seat. Cheryl Evans/The Republic / USA TODAY NETWORK via Imagn Images “Voters have learned who Ruben Gallego really is, and they are rejecting his failed leadership and empty promises. Arizona deserves better, and that’s why we’re winning." The RealClearPolitics polling average still shows Gallego leading Lake by 3.9 percentage points. However, that margin has narrowed from just six days earlier, when the aggregator showed Lake down 6.1 percentage points. Atlas Intel was dubbed the “most accurate” pollster of the 2020 presidential election cycle. Facebook 2 months ago Boards go up in DC as Election Day nears By Diana Glebova Businesses in the nation's capital have been spotted boarding up their glass windows before Election Day weekend in preparation for potential unrest. This Pow Pow restaurant location is just blocks away from the White House and had wooden boards and sandbags in front of their large windows. Facebook Filed under 2024 presidential election donald trump JD Vance kamala harris tim walz 11/1/24 Read Next Ex-Auburn coach-turned-Sen. Tommy Tuberville trolls 'Coach... SPONSORED STORIES Around The Web Stephen Colbert Is Facing Some Serious Backlash For His Comments NYPost.com '80s Pop Star Dead At 75 NYPost.com Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing Women.com The Tragedy Of Katherine Heigl Is Just Heartbreaking NickiSwift.com This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing NickiSwift.com These Royal Family Makeup Blunders Will Make You Cringe GLAM.com Jennifer Tilly's Eye-Popping Throwback Pic Breaks The Internet Bravotv.com The Long List Of Celebs Who Fled America After Trump's Election TheList.com Rumors Are Swirling About Melania & Musk Amid Trump's Presidency Thenerdstash.com Powered by ZergNet Trending Now on NYPost.com This story has been shared 152,541 times. 152,541 Lip reader reveals what Trump and Obama discussed at Jimmy Carter's funeral This story has been shared 77,453 times. 77,453 Celebrities turn on Dems, blast LA mayor for fire response: 'Ruined our state' This story has been shared 62,401 times. 62,401 All the celebrities affected by the deadly LA wildfires: Jeff Bridges, Candy Spelling and more This story has been shared 48,878 times. 48,878 Actor hides behind boulders with no escape as LA fires destroy Malibu mansion: 'It was hell' Now on Page Six Jennifer Aydin’s husband, Bill, ‘not happy’ about Jersey Mike’s tantrum, warned her ‘not to post the video’ Zach Bryan claps back at ‘couch warriors’ attacking his friends online after Brianna Chickenfry split Kyle Richards’ under-$40 necklace looks like real diamonds: ‘It’s crazy’ See All Video Celebrities turn on Dems, blast LA mayor for fire response
Pinned 2 months ago J.D. Vance says his message to Kamala Harris is 'you're fired' at AZ stop: 'Go back to San Francisco' By Cameron Arcand SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., — GOP Vice Presidential nominee JD Vance made his presumably final pitch to Arizona voters before Election Day at a rally in Scottsdale, a bellwether city in the critical swing state. “We’re in a very, very good spot… but I don’t want us to rest on our laurels here,” Vance said about the state of play in Arizona. “Our message to Kamala Harris is: You’re fired. Go back to San Francisco,” Vance added. J.D. Vance campaigned in Arizona. Brian Prahl  / SplashNews.com Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Walz is also making the rounds in the swing state on Saturday with stops in Tucson and Flagstaff. Trump leads Arizonas by 2.3 percent according to RealClearPolitics averages. Facebook
2 months ago Campaign says Walz misspoke when he called Elon Musk ‘that gay guy’ By Victor Nava and Steven Nelson The Harris-Walz campaign claims Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz “stuttered” while trying to say “that guy got” – inadvertently resulting in the Democratic vice presidential nominee calling Elon Musk “that gay guy.” "In the video, you can hear someone in the crowd yell ‘dips–t! when the governor brings up Musk,” a spokesman for the Harris-Walz campaign told The Post. “The governor started laughing and stuttered while trying to say ‘that guy got’ — he did not refer to Elon as a gay guy.” “He got stuck on the G in that guy got while trying not to laugh at the remark from the crowd." While the remark drew swift backlash on social media, the billionaire mogul — who has become a vocal supporter of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump — brushed it off. "I have no problem being called gay tbh," the X, SpaceX and Tesla mogul wrote on X. Facebook
2 months ago RFK Jr. slams state election officials keeping his name on 2024 ballots By Victor Nava and Amy Sikma MILWAUKEE -- Former presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr. slammed election officials in Wisconsin and Michigan Friday for refusing to take his name off 2024 ballots. “They did that because they want to confuse voters,” Kennedy argued at a Milwaukee rally for former President Donald Trump. “They want to interfere with the election because they're keeping somebody on the ballot who's not running.” Robert F. Kennedy told Wisconsin voters he did not want their vote as he spoke Friday in favor of ex-President Donald Trump. AFP via Getty Images “So when you go to the voting booth on Tuesday, you're going to see my name on the ballot – I do not want your vote. I want you to vote for Donald Trump,” he said. A Marquette University Law School poll released earlier this week found Kennedy polling at 5% in Wisconsin. The latest RealClearPolitics average of polls has Trump trailing Kamala Harris by 0.3 percentage points in the Badger State. Facebook
2 months ago Comedian Keegan-Michael Key says ‘the only choice' is Harris-Walz By Victor Nava Comedian Keegan-Michael Key argued that Vice President Kamala Harris is the "only choice" on Election Day as he spoke at a campaign rally for her in Milwaukee on Friday. “Now, we've all heard, in one form or another, that this election is about a choice,” Key told the crowd. “I mean, yes, by definition, there's a choice. But that's like saying that there's a choice on how to travel from Canada to the United States,” he continued. “You can either, you know, drive a car or take a plane ticket over the border or you can take a barrel over Niagara Falls,” the comedian quipped. “In this election, the choice is even clearer,” Key argued. “The only choice is Harris and Walz.” Rapper Cardi B is also expected to address the crowd ahead of Harris’ remarks tonight. Facebook
2 months ago Milwaukee Trump supporter embraces trash-talk with yellow vest By Amy Sikma MILWAUKEE, Wis. — Trump supporter Peter Schmidt wore a yellow vest to the ex-president's rally in Milwaukee Friday night as a sign of pride for "everyday Americans." "We are not trash," Schmidt said of his sartorial choice as he took a break from dancing to the pre-rally music to speak with The Post. Trump supporter Peter Schmidt sports a yellow vest in Milwaukee as he describes himself as an "everyday" American. The Milwaukee man described himself as an "everyday" American who believes in freedom and the Constitution. "If you wanna say we're trash, that's fine. But this is who we are," he said as he patted his vest. "Everyday Americans." Facebook
2 months ago Former Wisconsin Gov. Tommy Thompson reveals source of Trump's garbage truck photo op By Amy Sikma MILWAUKEE, Wis. — Former Gov. Tommy Thompson (R-Wis.) told the Milwaukee crowd at Trump's rally in Milwaukee Friday night that the former president's garbage truck photo op in Green Bay, Wis., earlier this week came from his people. "Did you like the garbage truck?" Thompson asked the roaring crowd in the Fiserv Forum in Milwaukee, where the Republican National Convention was held this summer. Thompson delivered a fiery speech at the rally in Wisconsin. Tork Mason / USA TODAY NETWORK via Imagn Images "That idea was born in a coffee shop in Madison by two individuals who work for me and they put it up the ladder," Thompson said. It wouldn't be the first time the ex-prez has taken advice for his campaign in Wisconsin. Thompson has said that he encouraged Trump to campaign in the traditionally blue strongholds of Milwaukee and Dane County. During his speech, Thompson, 72, led the crowd in multiple cheers of, "Kamala, you are four years late and a dollar short and you are fired!" Facebook
2 months ago Couple find unique way to show off their Trump support By Amy Sikma MILWAUKEE, Wis. — A couple decked out in jackets emblazoned with Trump's face waiting to enter the former president's Milwaukee rally stepped out of the line to take pictures with Kamala Harris supporters. Steve and Jodie McGuire had fun as they waited for the Trump rally. Steve and Jodie McGuire The pictures were in good fun after the Harris supporters walked down the queue of Trump voters shouting Harris' name. The couple in the jackets, Steve and Jodie McGuire, told The Post they voted early for Trump. Steve's top issue is border security. "The cost of groceries and gas," Jodie said. Facebook
2 months ago Trucks with 'Stop Kamala, Stop War' signs deployed streets of Dearborn, Michigan By George Caldwell DEARBORN, Mich. —— In predominantly Muslim Dearborn, Michigan, trucks are combing the streets with LED signs reading, “Stop Kamala, Stop War” and criticizing Vice President Harris for her relationship with Liz Cheney. Donald Trump visited a Lebanese cafe in the Detroit area city today to appeal to Arab-American voters who are alienated by the middle eastern conflicts that have sprung up during the Biden-Harris administration. The trucks are sponsored by ABE PAC, a pro-Trump organization which will hold a community outreach event with UFC fighters and former Ambassador Ric Grenell in Dearborn tonight. Facebook
2 months ago Melania Trump loads up luggage in NYC as she heads to Florida to join Don for election night event By Victor Nava That’s an awful lot of Louis. Former first lady Melania Trump packed her bags and jetted out of New York City Friday en route to South Florida – where she will join her husband, former President Donald Trump, to watch the election results come in Nov. 5. About six garment covers  with the presidential seal were seen being loaded into a support vehicle that was a part of Melania Trump's motorcade outside Trump Tower Friday. Probe-Media for NY Post Barron Trump, a freshman at NYU, has rarely been seen on the 2024 campaign trail with Donald Trump. Probe-Media for NY Post The 54-year-old’s luggage – including Louis Vuitton suitcases and several garment bags emblazoned with the presidential seal – was seen being loaded into a black SUV outside Trump Tower in Midtown, with some of the pricey parcels literally thrown into the back of the crammed vehicle, one on top of the other. The SUV was a part of a motorcade that was later seen dropping off Melania and her towering 18-year-old son, Barron Trump, at LaGuardia Airport, where they boarded a private jet bound for West Palm Beach, Fla. READ MORE Facebook
2 months ago Tim Walz refers to Elon Musk as 'that gay guy' By Diana Glebova Tim Walz strangely called Elon Musk "gay." "That guy, that gay guy," Walz said of Musk while talking about taxes on the campaign trail in Michigan. "Michigan knows that word," Walz said, laughing. While the remark drew swift backlash on social media, the billionaire mogul — who has become a vocal supporter of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump — brushed it off. "I have no problem being called gay tbh," the X, SpaceX and Tesla mogul replied to a reshare of the video from a user who called Walz's comment "beyond pathetic." "Shame on the Democrats," they wrote. Facebook
2 months ago Exclusive: Ex-White House stenographer on Biden ‘garbage’ transcript edit: ‘Don’t recall this happening ever’ By Steven Nelson WASHINGTON — A former White House stenographer told The Post Friday that they can not recall a single instance of the presidential press office altering a transcript to soften inflammatory or embarrassing remarks — as officials have been accused of doing after President Biden called former President Donald Trump’s voters “garbage” Tuesday night. “I don’t recall this happening ever in my six years as Biden’s vice presidential stenographer,” said Mike McCormick. Biden said Trump supporters are "the only garbage I see floating out there" Tuesday in response to a comedian calling Puerto Rico a "floating island of garbage" on stage at Trump's Sunday Madison Square Garden rally. Voto Latino/X “Nor did it happen in the one year I served President Trump or the five years I served President [George W.] Bush. What goes in the transcript is what the White House stenographer hears and transcribes.” READ MORE Facebook
2 months ago Kari Lake leads in new poll as Arizona Senate race tightens By Cameron Arcand PHOENIX- Republican Kari Lake is experiencing a late surge of positive polling numbers. A new Atlas Intel survey taken Wednesday and Thursday shows Lake leading Democratic Rep. Ruben Gallego 48.6% to 47.9% in the battle for the Grand Canyon State's Senate seat. “These poll numbers show that Arizonans are ready for a leader who will fight for them and put their needs first. I’m honored to have their trust and momentum behind this movement,” Lake told The Post. The firebrand Arizona Republican is fighting tooth and nail for Arizona's open Senate seat. Cheryl Evans/The Republic / USA TODAY NETWORK via Imagn Images “Voters have learned who Ruben Gallego really is, and they are rejecting his failed leadership and empty promises. Arizona deserves better, and that’s why we’re winning." The RealClearPolitics polling average still shows Gallego leading Lake by 3.9 percentage points. However, that margin has narrowed from just six days earlier, when the aggregator showed Lake down 6.1 percentage points. Atlas Intel was dubbed the “most accurate” pollster of the 2020 presidential election cycle. Facebook
2 months ago Boards go up in DC as Election Day nears By Diana Glebova Businesses in the nation's capital have been spotted boarding up their glass windows before Election Day weekend in preparation for potential unrest. This Pow Pow restaurant location is just blocks away from the White House and had wooden boards and sandbags in front of their large windows. Facebook
Phoenix, AZ – On Tuesday, a new poll from top-rated pollster Data Orbital shows Kari Lake leading Ruben Gallego in the race for U.S. Senate. Here’s what they’re saying:
Western Journal | Kari Lake Takes Lead in Arizona US Senate Race: Top Pollster
Just The News | Kari Lake Surging in Arizona Senate race less than one week before election
Latin Times | Trump-Ally Kari Lake Surges In Arizona Senate Polls , Erasing Lead From Democratic Opponent in Home Stretch Key Excerpts:
Newsweek: Kari Lake Closing Gap in Senate Race, New Poll Shows
The Dallas Express | Republican Kari Lake pulls ahead in crucial swing state Senate race
WHAT THEY’RE SAYING 5 DAYS OUT: Kari Lake Takes The Lead
JOIN OUR FIGHT
A new poll indicates there could be an upset in a crucial swing state senate race.
A poll from Data Orbital shows Republican Kari Lake at 45.2% to Democrat Congressman Ruben Gallego’s 44.5%, while a Green Party candidate trails at 1.6%, and 5.8% remain undecided.
Lake posted the poll to her millions of followers shortly after its publication.
The poll also showed good tidings for former President Donald Trump’s third presidential bid, although the former news anchor did not include this information in her post on X. The poll showed Trump at 49.7% and Harris at 41.9% with about 2% going to third-party candidates and 3.7% undecided.
This data comes from early voting, already underway in the Copper State.
The poll had a sample size of 550 respondents, slightly below the standard of 600 that most pollsters prefer. However, it is not the only poll that has found that the results have tightened recently. A recent AtlasIntel poll showed Lake and Gallego tied at 48%.
These polls seem to show a shift among voters starting around October 26 and continuing until the present date.
Before October 26, the polls had been stagnant for months.
Most polls on FiveThirtyEight , a website that catalogs the results of nearly every poll in major races across the country, found that Lake lagged between 4 and 10 points.
Lake is a figure who has closely tied herself to Trump.
The screensaver on her phone is reportedly a picture of her and the former president. Lake has appeared with the former president at numerous events, and he was quick to endorse her when she announced her senate run.
Given the close relationship between the figures, it was not always clear why Trump has led his challenger in the overwhelming majority of polls in Arizona and Lake has trailed.
Lake unsuccessfully ran for governor of Arizona in 2022. The election was shrouded in mystery and lawsuits after numerous voting centers experienced a ballot printing issue on Election Day.
Lake told an interviewer at the time, “It was 60 % of the voting centers on Election Day and it was almost all Republican areas. The machines didn’t work! They printed the wrong image on the ballot intentionally on Election Day only! Knowing that 75% of the people showing up were Republicans.”
A 2023 investigation by former Arizona Supreme Court Chief Justice Ruth McGregor reportedly found that older printing hardware and longer ballots printed on heavier paper caused the issue in Maricopa County precincts.
At the same time, election officials in Cochise County refused to certify the election results, and another legal battle ensued.
The votes were counted for several days until Democrat Secretary of State Katie Hobbs was announced as the victor.
Republican Kari Lake Pulls Ahead In Crucial Swing State Senate Race
" * " indicates required fields
We need your support in the days ahead.
Privacy Policy Overview
Welcome to the official website or mobile application (the Sites) of Kari Lake for Senate.
This Privacy Policy outlines our practices for collection, use, and disclosure of your information that you provide to us when you use our Site and other Kari Lake for Senate mobile applications that display this policy (the Sites). By using these Sites, you agree that your use of the Sites is governed by this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service. From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically check this Site for updates. We will alert you to changes that have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was last updated. Your continued use of the Site affirms your agreement to any changes we make to this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected and How it is Collected
Voluntary Information: We may collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us including your name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number, mobile number, and geographic location. You may provide this information when you request information, register, make a purchase, send us an email, sign up to receive email or text messages updates, connect through a social feed, fill out a form or for other purposes. We may also collect demographic information such as gender, date of birth, occupation, employer name and zip code. When this information is linked to personally identifiable information, it will be treated as voluntary personal information. In limited circumstances, we may collect payment information such as credit card number where needed to complete a requested service or transaction. Voluntary personal information does not include aggregate data (data about a group or category of users that has been stripped of identifiable information about individual users) that we may collect about the use of the Sites. This policy does not restrict our collection and use of such aggregate information.
By requesting information to your mobile phone, we may obtain the following information from you in connection with our SMS service: your cell phone number, your carrier’s name, and the date, time and content of your messages, as well as other information that you provide. We will use such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Automatically Generated Information: We may also collect non-personally identifiable information that is generated automatically while you are visiting the Site or elsewhere on the Internet when our advertisements are served, also known as log files. This data includes, but is not limited to, information such as IP address, web pages visited before and after visiting the Site, date and time, domain type, type of mobile device you use, your device’s unique ID, web pages you view and links you click on within the Site and interactions with our advertisements delivered by us or advertisements delivered by a third-party advertising technology vendor. This type of information may be collected using different types of technologies, such as cookies and pixels. An IP address, for example, is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices used to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit our Site, we may view the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. We use this information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand from what regions of the world our Site visitors come. We also may use your non-personally identifiable information to enhance our Site.
All Site users remain anonymous unless they choose to give us their personal information. You may elect not to allow us to collect and use this non-personally identifiable data as part of our Service by following the Opt Out procedures described below.
Cookies and Other Technologies
Overview: We may use cookies and other technologies to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses the Site or visits a website in our network. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser at the request of a website. Cookies help us improve your experience on our Sites, however, if you wish to block, erase or be warned of the use of cookies, please refer to the paragraph below entitled Disabling Cookies or to your browser manufacturer. When you view a video on our Sites, a third party may also set a “flash cookie” on your computer. Since removing and rejecting browser cookies may not also remove or reject flash cookies, you will also need to visit: www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security in order to delete or disable flash cookies. Rejecting or removing browser or flash cookies may affect certain features of our Sites.
This website uses third party vendors such as Google to help analyze how users use the site. For example, Google Analytics uses cookies to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Kari Lake for Senate.
Google Analytics collects information anonymously. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither Kari Lake for Senate, nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our Site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this Google page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en .
We may use other companies to set cookies on our Site and advertisements and gather cookie information for us. In some cases, we may also use another company to operate web servers or process credit card purchases for our Site. The Site may use cookies and other technology to speed navigation and keep track of items and to gather anonymous traffic data that we may use to enhance the Sites, our Services, marketing, and other internal purposes. This Policy does not apply to, and Kari Lake for Senate is not responsible for, cookies used by the third parties. If you select “remember me” on your computer when logging on to the Site, Kari Lake for Senate will set a persistent cookie to store your username and password so that you do not have to enter it more than once. It also allows us to send confirmations, receipts, updates, alerts and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of and our administration and operation of the Site. The persistent cookie also enables Kari Lake for Senate to track and target the interests of users to enhance the experience on the Site. The persistent cookie is removed when you uncheck the “remember me” check box.
Disabling Cookies: The “Help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive cookies, and how to disable cookies altogether. Note that if you reject or block cookies, it may affect your ability to enjoy the full functionality and experience of our Site.
Web Beacons: Pages of our Site and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit Kari Lake for Senate, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or [opened an e-mail] and for other related web site statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Information Use and Sharing
Use of Personal Information: If we receive your personal information, we will only use it for the purposes described where it is collected or otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We may share this information outside of Kari Lake for Senate if (1) you authorize us to do so; (2) it is necessary to allow our service providers or agents to provide products or services for us, (3) it is necessary in order to provide our products or services to you (and contacting you when necessary), (4) subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is disclosed to entities that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other entities with whom we have service agreements, (5) subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is necessary in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Kari Lake for Senate, (6) it is necessary in connection with other business purposes including, without limitation, responding to your inquiries or requests for information or services, customer care, service quality, business management and operation, risk assessment, security, fraud and crime prevention/detection, monitoring, research and analysis, customer purchasing preferences and trends, dispute resolution, credit checking and debt collection, (7) it is necessary to disclose in order to protect or defend our rights or property or those of our users, (8) it is necessary to disclose in order to protect the personal safety of our users or the public, (9) it is necessary for us to provide it to our attorneys, accountants, regulators, auditors or other advisors, or (10) otherwise as we are required or permitted by law or required to comply with legal process served upon us, our agents, representatives or our affiliates. We may also aggregate your personal information with the information of others and may disclose such information in aggregate form for marketing and promotional purposes in a way that would not identify you individually. All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information: Kari Lake for Senate or our service providers or agents that provide services for us may use non-personally identifiable information as part of the Services to better tailor advertisements and other content in an effort to create a more relevant experience for each person that visits the Site or elsewhere on the Internet. This non-personally identifiable information may also be used to predict responses to advertisements, to help determine which ads perform best and which content is most appropriate for different individuals, to measure and optimize the effectiveness of advertisements, and to provide aggregate reporting to our service providers or agents and for our and their internal purposes. Nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregated, non-personally identifiable information with third parties.
We use various website analytics tools and technologies regarding activities on our Site that require storage of web session data. The overall aim of these tools is to aid in making our Site easy to use, to proactively identify and correct error conditions and to provide more relevant advertising and content to you. These tools and technologies are also used to assist Site visitors who report problems in the use of our Site. Stored web session data is used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Third Party Use of Cookies: We use cookies to compile aggregate non-personally identifiable data about Site traffic and Site interaction so that we can offer better Site experiences and tools in the future. We may also share non-personally identifiable information with companies such as agencies, ad networks, or exchanges to enable them to analyze user behaviors or to customize the ads that you encounter.
Contests and Other Promotions: On our Site, you may wish to participate in contests and other promotions that we may offer from time to time. Through these promotions, you may choose to participate in activities such as sharing information found on our Site with others and sending e-mail invitations. In connection with any contests and other promotions that we may offer from time to time via our Site, we use the information you provide to administer the contests and other promotions. Subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, we also may use the information to communicate with you, or the other people you select, about our products and services or our service providers or agents partners may use such information to communicate with you about the contests and other promotions or their products and services. If you choose to participate in these promotions, and are eligible to do so, we may ask you for information such as your name, e-mail address, date of birth and telephone number.
Third Party Features
Third Party Links: For your convenience, we may include or offer third party offers, products or services on our Site. Third party vendors may use cookies or other technologies to serve ads on other websites based on your visit to this Site and other web sites on the Internet. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of any web sites or pages not under our control and we do not endorse any of these web sites or pages, the services or products described or offered on such sites or pages, or any of the content contained on those sites or pages. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Site and welcome any feedback about these web sites. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of these third parties before disclosing information to the third parties directly.
Social Media Platforms and Websites: Any information, communications, or material of any type or nature that you submit to our Site (including, but not limited to any of our pages contained on a social media platform or web site such as Facebook or Twitter) by e-mail, posting, messaging, uploading, downloading, or otherwise (collectively, a “Submission”), is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of any social media platform or website and we are therefore not responsible for any content or Submissions contained on such sites and platforms. By visiting any of our pages or web sites that are contained on a social media platform or web site, you are representing and warranting to us that you have reviewed the applicable privacy policy and terms of use of such platform or web site and that you will abide by all such provisions contained therein.
Additionally, in the event that we offer a message board or any other interactive or social-type feature on a web site administered directly by us, please be aware that these areas may allow you to publicly post, and share with other users, certain messages, content, or other information (e.g., stories, pictures, ingredients, tips, etc.). Although we may take certain precautions to protect those who use these areas of one of our web sites, we encourage you to be wary of giving out any personal information in such public forums. The information you post can be collected and used by people you don’t know. We cannot guarantee the privacy and safety of these areas and are therefore not responsible for any information you choose to post. Your use of these features is fully at your own risk.
E-mail: We appreciate your questions and comments about our Site and services and welcome your e-mails and questions submitted to our Site. We will share your messages with those within our organization who are most capable of addressing the issues contained in your message. We may archive your message for a certain period of time or discard it, but your e-mail address and message will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Submitting your e-mail: Submitting your address anywhere on the Site may result in your e-mail address being added to Kari Lake for Senate’s e-mail list. You may unsubscribe to Kari Lake for Senate’s e-mails at any time by opting out of e-mail subscriptions with the “unsubscribe” link included in each e-mail or by following the Opt-Out procedures provided below. Your e-mail address will be removed from our marketing list. Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in process.
Suggesting the Site to a Friend: If you elect to use any feature that includes suggesting a page to a friend or to inform a friend about the Site or solicit donations or pledges or otherwise communicate, Kari Lake for Senate may ask for your friend’s name and e-mail address. The Site may automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail inviting them to visit the Sites or otherwise provide the information requested by you. Kari Lake for Senate will store and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your friend may contact Kari Lake for Senate to request the removal of this information from our databases.
We employ and maintain technology and security measures designed to protect your personal information. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as 100 percent secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us.
Overview: We may use non-personally identifiable information to provide more relevant advertising and content. If you elect to opt out of this type of advertising, we will place a cookie on your browser computer to flag that we should not collect data to tailor advertising to your browser. If you delete your cookies, install a new browser, or use a different computer, you may need to revisit this page to opt out. You can also visit the Digital Advertising Alliance site, by clicking here www.aboutads.info/choices, to opt out of interest-based advertising from other third parties using cookies. In addition, you may email us at info@kariforus.com requesting to opt-out of our collection of certain data.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Law “the CCPA”, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, e-mail and mailing address and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, write to us at (with a reference to California Disclosure Information): info@kariforus.com. In addition, a California resident who has provided Personal Information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for purposes related to personal, family, or household use (“California user”) is entitled to opt-out of the sale of his or her personal information collected on our site. While, from our understanding, the CCPA does not currently apply to our use of collected data, a California user may nevertheless make an opt-out request by emailing info@kariforus.com with “California Opt-Out” as the subject line. We will respond to such requests for information access or opt-outs within 45 days following receipt at the e-mail or mailing address stated above. If we receive your request at a different e-mail or mailing address or in the event of other extenuating circumstances, we will respond within a reasonable period of time, but not to exceed 135 days from the date received.
Your Nevada Privacy Rights
Under Nevada Law, Nevada residents may be entitled to opt-out of the sale of personal data collected on our site. As of the date of this policy, we do not knowingly engage in the “sale” of “personal information” of Nevada residents, based on our understanding of how the term “sale” is defined under Nevada law. Nevertheless, a Nevada resident may make an opt-out request by emailing info@kariforus.com with “Nevada Opt-Out” as the subject line.
We strongly encourage parents and guardians to regularly monitor and supervise their children’s online activities. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
When you make a contribution to Kari Lake for Senate federal law requires us to obtain the following information: name, mailing address, employer, occupation, and amount of contribution. Federal law also requires us to report this information to the Federal Election Commission if an individual’s contributions aggregate in excess of $200 in a single calendar year. Any credit card information provided is only used to immediately process your donation. All contributions made to the Site are considered final unless the donation is not in compliance with federal election law and/or Federal Election Commission regulations. All purchases from the online store are considered contributions to Kari Lake for Senate.
Visiting our Site from outside of the United States
If you are visiting our Site from outside of the United States of America, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States, where our servers are located, and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy. By using our Site, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
Please contact us if you have questions about our Privacy Policy at info@kariforus.com . You may also write to us at the following address:
Kari Lake for Senate
4040 E Camelback Rd, Suite 103
Phoenix, AZ 85018
SMS Terms of Service
Go to karilake.com to sign up to receive fundraising solicitations with donation links and campaign notifications from Kari Lake for Senate. After signing up, you will receive a text message from us on your mobile number. Message frequency may vary. Message and data rates may apply.
Compatible carriers include AT&T, T-Mobile®️, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost, Alltel (Verizon Wireless), U.S. Cellular, Cellular One, MetroPCS, ACS/Alaska, Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Centennial Wireless, Cox Communications, EKN/Appalachian Wireless, GCI, Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix/Keystone Wireless, Inland Cellular, Nex-Tech Wireless, Rural Cellular Corporation, Thumb Cellular, United Wireless, West Central (WCC), Cellcom, C Spire Wireless CellSouth, Cricket, Cincinnati Bell and Virgin Mobile®️. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
To discontinue receiving SMS messages from Kari Lake for Senate, text STOP to 70789. For additional help, text HELP or contact info@kariforus.com .
Kari Lake for Senate respects your right to privacy.
JOIN OUR FIGHT
Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Overview Welcome to the official website or mobile application (the Sites) of Kari Lake for Senate. This Privacy Policy outlines our practices for collection, use, and disclosure of your information that you provide to us when you use our Site and other Kari Lake for Senate mobile applications that display this policy (the Sites). By using these Sites, you agree that your use of the Sites is governed by this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service. From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically check this Site for updates. We will alert you to changes that have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was last updated. Your continued use of the Site affirms your agreement to any changes we make to this Privacy Policy. Information Collected and How it is Collected Voluntary Information: We may collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us including your name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number, mobile number, and geographic location. You may provide this information when you request information, register, make a purchase, send us an email, sign up to receive email or text messages updates, connect through a social feed, fill out a form or for other purposes. We may also collect demographic information such as gender, date of birth, occupation, employer name and zip code. When this information is linked to personally identifiable information, it will be treated as voluntary personal information. In limited circumstances, we may collect payment information such as credit card number where needed to complete a requested service or transaction. Voluntary personal information does not include aggregate data (data about a group or category of users that has been stripped of identifiable information about individual users) that we may collect about the use of the Sites. This policy does not restrict our collection and use of such aggregate information. By requesting information to your mobile phone, we may obtain the following information from you in connection with our SMS service: your cell phone number, your carrier’s name, and the date, time and content of your messages, as well as other information that you provide. We will use such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Automatically Generated Information: We may also collect non-personally identifiable information that is generated automatically while you are visiting the Site or elsewhere on the Internet when our advertisements are served, also known as log files. This data includes, but is not limited to, information such as IP address, web pages visited before and after visiting the Site, date and time, domain type, type of mobile device you use, your device’s unique ID, web pages you view and links you click on within the Site and interactions with our advertisements delivered by us or advertisements delivered by a third-party advertising technology vendor. This type of information may be collected using different types of technologies, such as cookies and pixels. An IP address, for example, is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices used to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit our Site, we may view the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. We use this information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand from what regions of the world our Site visitors come. We also may use your non-personally identifiable information to enhance our Site. All Site users remain anonymous unless they choose to give us their personal information. You may elect not to allow us to collect and use this non-personally identifiable data as part of our Service by following the Opt Out procedures described below. Cookies and Other Technologies Overview: We may use cookies and other technologies to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses the Site or visits a website in our network. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser at the request of a website. Cookies help us improve your experience on our Sites, however, if you wish to block, erase or be warned of the use of cookies, please refer to the paragraph below entitled Disabling Cookies or to your browser manufacturer. When you view a video on our Sites, a third party may also set a “flash cookie” on your computer. Since removing and rejecting browser cookies may not also remove or reject flash cookies, you will also need to visit: www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security in order to delete or disable flash cookies. Rejecting or removing browser or flash cookies may affect certain features of our Sites. This website uses third party vendors such as Google to help analyze how users use the site. For example, Google Analytics uses cookies to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Kari Lake for Senate. Google Analytics collects information anonymously. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither Kari Lake for Senate, nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our Site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this Google page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en . We may use other companies to set cookies on our Site and advertisements and gather cookie information for us. In some cases, we may also use another company to operate web servers or process credit card purchases for our Site. The Site may use cookies and other technology to speed navigation and keep track of items and to gather anonymous traffic data that we may use to enhance the Sites, our Services, marketing, and other internal purposes. This Policy does not apply to, and Kari Lake for Senate is not responsible for, cookies used by the third parties. If you select “remember me” on your computer when logging on to the Site, Kari Lake for Senate will set a persistent cookie to store your username and password so that you do not have to enter it more than once. It also allows us to send confirmations, receipts, updates, alerts and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of and our administration and operation of the Site. The persistent cookie also enables Kari Lake for Senate to track and target the interests of users to enhance the experience on the Site. The persistent cookie is removed when you uncheck the “remember me” check box. Disabling Cookies: The “Help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive cookies, and how to disable cookies altogether. Note that if you reject or block cookies, it may affect your ability to enjoy the full functionality and experience of our Site. Web Beacons: Pages of our Site and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit Kari Lake for Senate, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or [opened an e-mail] and for other related web site statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity). Information Use and Sharing Use of Personal Information: If we receive your personal information, we will only use it for the purposes described where it is collected or otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We may share this information outside of Kari Lake for Senate if (1) you authorize us to do so; (2) it is necessary to allow our service providers or agents to provide products or services for us, (3) it is necessary in order to provide our products or services to you (and contacting you when necessary), (4) subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is disclosed to entities that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other entities with whom we have service agreements, (5) subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is necessary in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Kari Lake for Senate, (6) it is necessary in connection with other business purposes including, without limitation, responding to your inquiries or requests for information or services, customer care, service quality, business management and operation, risk assessment, security, fraud and crime prevention/detection, monitoring, research and analysis, customer purchasing preferences and trends, dispute resolution, credit checking and debt collection, (7) it is necessary to disclose in order to protect or defend our rights or property or those of our users, (8) it is necessary to disclose in order to protect the personal safety of our users or the public, (9) it is necessary for us to provide it to our attorneys, accountants, regulators, auditors or other advisors, or (10) otherwise as we are required or permitted by law or required to comply with legal process served upon us, our agents, representatives or our affiliates. We may also aggregate your personal information with the information of others and may disclose such information in aggregate form for marketing and promotional purposes in a way that would not identify you individually. All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties. Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information: Kari Lake for Senate or our service providers or agents that provide services for us may use non-personally identifiable information as part of the Services to better tailor advertisements and other content in an effort to create a more relevant experience for each person that visits the Site or elsewhere on the Internet. This non-personally identifiable information may also be used to predict responses to advertisements, to help determine which ads perform best and which content is most appropriate for different individuals, to measure and optimize the effectiveness of advertisements, and to provide aggregate reporting to our service providers or agents and for our and their internal purposes. Nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregated, non-personally identifiable information with third parties. We use various website analytics tools and technologies regarding activities on our Site that require storage of web session data. The overall aim of these tools is to aid in making our Site easy to use, to proactively identify and correct error conditions and to provide more relevant advertising and content to you. These tools and technologies are also used to assist Site visitors who report problems in the use of our Site. Stored web session data is used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Third Party Use of Cookies: We use cookies to compile aggregate non-personally identifiable data about Site traffic and Site interaction so that we can offer better Site experiences and tools in the future. We may also share non-personally identifiable information with companies such as agencies, ad networks, or exchanges to enable them to analyze user behaviors or to customize the ads that you encounter. Contests and Other Promotions: On our Site, you may wish to participate in contests and other promotions that we may offer from time to time. Through these promotions, you may choose to participate in activities such as sharing information found on our Site with others and sending e-mail invitations. In connection with any contests and other promotions that we may offer from time to time via our Site, we use the information you provide to administer the contests and other promotions. Subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, we also may use the information to communicate with you, or the other people you select, about our products and services or our service providers or agents partners may use such information to communicate with you about the contests and other promotions or their products and services. If you choose to participate in these promotions, and are eligible to do so, we may ask you for information such as your name, e-mail address, date of birth and telephone number. Third Party Features Third Party Links: For your convenience, we may include or offer third party offers, products or services on our Site. Third party vendors may use cookies or other technologies to serve ads on other websites based on your visit to this Site and other web sites on the Internet. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of any web sites or pages not under our control and we do not endorse any of these web sites or pages, the services or products described or offered on such sites or pages, or any of the content contained on those sites or pages. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Site and welcome any feedback about these web sites. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of these third parties before disclosing information to the third parties directly. Social Media Platforms and Websites: Any information, communications, or material of any type or nature that you submit to our Site (including, but not limited to any of our pages contained on a social media platform or web site such as Facebook or Twitter) by e-mail, posting, messaging, uploading, downloading, or otherwise (collectively, a “Submission”), is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of any social media platform or website and we are therefore not responsible for any content or Submissions contained on such sites and platforms. By visiting any of our pages or web sites that are contained on a social media platform or web site, you are representing and warranting to us that you have reviewed the applicable privacy policy and terms of use of such platform or web site and that you will abide by all such provisions contained therein. Additionally, in the event that we offer a message board or any other interactive or social-type feature on a web site administered directly by us, please be aware that these areas may allow you to publicly post, and share with other users, certain messages, content, or other information (e.g., stories, pictures, ingredients, tips, etc.). Although we may take certain precautions to protect those who use these areas of one of our web sites, we encourage you to be wary of giving out any personal information in such public forums. The information you post can be collected and used by people you don’t know. We cannot guarantee the privacy and safety of these areas and are therefore not responsible for any information you choose to post. Your use of these features is fully at your own risk. Email Signups E-mail: We appreciate your questions and comments about our Site and services and welcome your e-mails and questions submitted to our Site. We will share your messages with those within our organization who are most capable of addressing the issues contained in your message. We may archive your message for a certain period of time or discard it, but your e-mail address and message will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Submitting your e-mail: Submitting your address anywhere on the Site may result in your e-mail address being added to Kari Lake for Senate’s e-mail list. You may unsubscribe to Kari Lake for Senate’s e-mails at any time by opting out of e-mail subscriptions with the “unsubscribe” link included in each e-mail or by following the Opt-Out procedures provided below. Your e-mail address will be removed from our marketing list. Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in process. Suggesting the Site to a Friend: If you elect to use any feature that includes suggesting a page to a friend or to inform a friend about the Site or solicit donations or pledges or otherwise communicate, Kari Lake for Senate may ask for your friend’s name and e-mail address. The Site may automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail inviting them to visit the Sites or otherwise provide the information requested by you. Kari Lake for Senate will store and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your friend may contact Kari Lake for Senate to request the removal of this information from our databases. Security We employ and maintain technology and security measures designed to protect your personal information. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as 100 percent secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us. Opt Out Overview: We may use non-personally identifiable information to provide more relevant advertising and content. If you elect to opt out of this type of advertising, we will place a cookie on your browser computer to flag that we should not collect data to tailor advertising to your browser. If you delete your cookies, install a new browser, or use a different computer, you may need to revisit this page to opt out. You can also visit the Digital Advertising Alliance site, by clicking here www.aboutads.info/choices, to opt out of interest-based advertising from other third parties using cookies. In addition, you may email us at info@kariforus.com requesting to opt-out of our collection of certain data. Your California Privacy Rights Under California Law “the CCPA”, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, e-mail and mailing address and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, write to us at (with a reference to California Disclosure Information): info@kariforus.com. In addition, a California resident who has provided Personal Information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for purposes related to personal, family, or household use (“California user”) is entitled to opt-out of the sale of his or her personal information collected on our site. While, from our understanding, the CCPA does not currently apply to our use of collected data, a California user may nevertheless make an opt-out request by emailing info@kariforus.com with “California Opt-Out” as the subject line. We will respond to such requests for information access or opt-outs within 45 days following receipt at the e-mail or mailing address stated above. If we receive your request at a different e-mail or mailing address or in the event of other extenuating circumstances, we will respond within a reasonable period of time, but not to exceed 135 days from the date received. Your Nevada Privacy Rights Under Nevada Law, Nevada residents may be entitled to opt-out of the sale of personal data collected on our site. As of the date of this policy, we do not knowingly engage in the “sale” of “personal information” of Nevada residents, based on our understanding of how the term “sale” is defined under Nevada law. Nevertheless, a Nevada resident may make an opt-out request by emailing info@kariforus.com with “Nevada Opt-Out” as the subject line. Children We strongly encourage parents and guardians to regularly monitor and supervise their children’s online activities. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. Donations When you make a contribution to Kari Lake for Senate federal law requires us to obtain the following information: name, mailing address, employer, occupation, and amount of contribution. Federal law also requires us to report this information to the Federal Election Commission if an individual’s contributions aggregate in excess of $200 in a single calendar year. Any credit card information provided is only used to immediately process your donation. All contributions made to the Site are considered final unless the donation is not in compliance with federal election law and/or Federal Election Commission regulations. All purchases from the online store are considered contributions to Kari Lake for Senate. Visiting our Site from outside of the United States If you are visiting our Site from outside of the United States of America, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States, where our servers are located, and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy. By using our Site, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy. Contact Us Please contact us if you have questions about our Privacy Policy at info@kariforus.com . You may also write to us at the following address: Kari Lake for Senate 4040 E Camelback Rd, Suite 103 Phoenix, AZ 85018 SMS Terms of Service Go to karilake.com to sign up to receive fundraising solicitations with donation links and campaign notifications from Kari Lake for Senate. After signing up, you will receive a text message from us on your mobile number. Message frequency may vary. Message and data rates may apply. Compatible carriers include AT&T, T-Mobile®️, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost, Alltel (Verizon Wireless), U.S. Cellular, Cellular One, MetroPCS, ACS/Alaska, Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Centennial Wireless, Cox Communications, EKN/Appalachian Wireless, GCI, Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix/Keystone Wireless, Inland Cellular, Nex-Tech Wireless, Rural Cellular Corporation, Thumb Cellular, United Wireless, West Central (WCC), Cellcom, C Spire Wireless CellSouth, Cricket, Cincinnati Bell and Virgin Mobile®️. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. To discontinue receiving SMS messages from Kari Lake for Senate, text STOP to 70789. For additional help, text HELP or contact info@kariforus.com . Kari Lake for Senate respects your right to privacy.
More on New York Post→
Leer más →
More on The Dallas Express→
Política de privacidad
RECAP: Arizona Senate Debate: Kari Lake vs Radical Ruben Gallego
LA MISIÓN DE KARI
ÚNETE A A KARI Y SU MOVIMIENTO
NOTICIAS Y PRENSA
¡para salvar Arizona!
LIVE BLOG – Kari Lake leads in new poll as Arizona Senate race tightens
WHAT THEY’RE SAYING 5 DAYS OUT: Kari Lake Takes The Lead
Republican Kari Lake Pulls Ahead In Crucial Swing State Senate Race
ÚNETE A NUESTRA EQUIPO
LIVE BLOG – Kari Lake leads in new poll as Arizona Senate race tightens More on New York Post→
WHAT THEY’RE SAYING 5 DAYS OUT: Kari Lake Takes The Lead Leer más →
Republican Kari Lake Pulls Ahead In Crucial Swing State Senate Race More on The Dallas Express→
