Scraped on: 2025-01-09 17:17:32
Website: Mark Green TN House

Liberty. Security. Prosperity.
Liberty. Security. Prosperity.
Dr. Mark Green was sworn in as Congressman from the 7th District of Tennessee on January 3rd, 2019. A physician, businessman, and combat veteran, Mark’s life of service to the country began on the plain at West Point at the age of 17. He decided to run for office during his 25th class reunion at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. Seeing again the words on the statue of Gen. Douglas MacArthur, “Duty, honor, country,” Mark realized that he had a duty to fulfill.
In January 2023, Mark was appointed to serve as the Chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security, where he is leading the fight to secure our Southwest border and hold the Biden-Harris administration accountable.
He also serves on the House Foreign Affairs Committee and Subcommittees on the Western Hemisphere and Indo-Pacific regions.
He is a key author of the border security section of H.R. 2, the Secure the Border Act, the most conservative border security legislation to ever pass the U.S. House of Representatives.
Mark’s peers in Congress recognized his leadership early on when they elected him President of the Republican Freshman Class. He was also selected to serve on the NDAA Conference Committee in 2019 and 2020. Mark previously served on the House Armed Services Committee and the Select Committee on the Coronavirus Crisis. A rare feat for a second-term lawmaker, Mark was appointed as the Ranking Member of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee.
Mark's first bill, which passed the House unanimously, streamlined the Department of Homeland Security’s intelligence apparatus. In his first year in office, he introduced more legislation than any of his freshman GOP colleagues. Throughout his time in Congress, he has fought for legislation to protect Gold Star spouses, rural hospitals, shooting sports in schools, and to help our K2 veterans exposed to toxic chemicals access the medical care they need. His leadership for our nation's veterans has garnered him the American Freedom Fund's Legislator of the Year award.
As an Army special operations flight surgeon assigned to the 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment (SOAR), Mark planned and flew on some of the War on Terror’s most covert operations. His most memorable mission was the capture of Saddam Hussein, where he interviewed Saddam for six hours the night of his capture. During this time, Mark was selected as the Army Aviation Association Flight Surgeon of the year.
Mark’s military career began as an infantry officer after graduating from West Point. From 1987–1990, he served as a rifle platoon leader, scout platoon leader, and battalion personnel officer in the 194th Separate Armor Brigade. From 1990–1992, he served as a supply officer and an airborne rifle company commander in the famed 82nd Airborne Division. His military awards include the Bronze Star, The Air Medal, The Air Medal with “V” device for valor under heavy enemy fire, and numerous other medals for service.
Mark founded an emergency room staffing company and grew the operation to more than $200 million in annual revenue. He also founded the Two Rivers Medical Foundation, which operated two free medical clinics, and served on the board of two non-profit organizations that care for soldiers and their families as they return with the unseen scars of war.
Mark grew up as the child of a hardworking veteran and pastor who was disabled due to bone cancer and a devout mother whose quotes from the Bible remain among the anchors of his worldview. Thanks to both of his parents, Mark developed the strong work ethic and desire to serve his community that continues to drive his actions as a legislator.
About Mark Green
Life of Service
Join Our Team
The greatness of our country is the freedom for people to try, and sometimes fail, but in many cases, to succeed beyond our wildest dreams. At the time of America’s founding, self-government was revolutionary. Our Founders believed that authentic liberty occurred when individuals were unconstrained by government. That freedom, matched with the amazing talents and abilities gifted to our citizens, has led to a prosperity unparalleled in human history. Unleashing the American spirit has fostered innovation, ideas, solutions, and enhancements spanning all walks of life.
In recent years, the federal government has clearly grown too big, weighing down the ingenuity and possibilities of Americans. That is an injustice. The cost of this overgrowth goes beyond the decreased productivity and loss of creativeness—it’s nearly bankrupted our country.
We currently face many challenges as a nation: From cutting regulations to eliminating wasteful spending to providing oversight of taxpayer dollars, as your congressman, I have led the fight in Washington to rein in the government to let Americans try and flourish once again.
At nearly $30 trillion, our national debt is perhaps the greatest threat to our children and grandchildren’s future. Cutting the federal debt has been one of my top priorities in Congress–and I have consistently opposed bills that continue to recklessly spend without concern for our children and grandchildren’s future debt.
As long as I’m your congressman, I will continue to stand against Washington’s reckless spending. That’s why I sponsored the Balanced Budget Amendment, and call on Congress to pass it. The federal government must be subject to the same spending restraints as our states are. As a businessman myself, I understand that you either increase revenue, or you decrease spending if you want to fix a debt problem. We don’t have a revenue problem in America—we have a spending problem. The government needs to start living within its means, and cut unnecessary and wasteful programs.
The booming economy until the coronavirus hit is proof that cutting taxes and rolling back the regulatory state lead to prosperity. Government first and foremost needs to get out of the way. Small businesses are the economic engine of America, and should be unleashed from the burdensome regulations. Regulations weigh the economy down by as much as $2 trillion annually, hampering productivity across industries.
We must continue to cut taxes at all levels of government to let businesses across the country innovate, invest, and hire more people. I’m proud to co-sponsor multiple bills in Congress to cut more taxes and let Americans keep more of their hard-earned dollars. I am a firm believer in the Laffer Curve: Revenue increases with decreased taxes. In Tennessee, as a state senator, I’ve led the fight to lower taxes and successfully passed the repeal of the Hall Income Tax, making our state one of only two states to have ever repealed an income tax of any kind.
There are three levels of threat facing the United States and each requires a unique preparedness. As a combat veteran in both Afghanistan and Iraq, I understand the global challenges we face firsthand. Every overseas relationship, every dollar spent in the federal budget, and every leadership decision made should be evaluated for its impact on each of these:
Security: The future security of the United States is most threatened by Russia and China. China’s expansion in the South China Sea, Belt and Road Initiative, and aggressive military posture toward U.S. allies are great concerns. America must lead the Free World in standing firm against China’s rising aggression. Russia continues to undermine the legitimate government in Ukraine, and their continued occupation of the Crimean Peninsula warrants strong sanctions.
Stability: Between safety and security lies a third threat: stability. Both Iran and North Korea, the two emerging dangers from the Axis of Evil, intend to exert their capabilities to destabilize U.S. interests in regions they influence. While both have interests that go beyond instability, their current capabilities do not permit success–yet. A nuclear-capable North Korea threatens the westernmost parts of the United States and our allies in the Pacific. We must confront the advancement of delivery systems in North Korea before a missile is launched. Iran’s efforts throughout the Middle East designed to destabilize the region have been effective. President Trump was right to pull the U.S. out of the Iran deal, and sanctions must be reinstated and expanded on Iran. I also oppose the efforts of the Biden Administration to renegotiate with Iran as long as they continue to be the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism.
Safety: Our greatest safety threats are from terrorist groups like ISIS and Al Qaeda. Our special operations forces, having taken this fight to the enemy for nearly 20 years, are the experts. We need to resource them, continue to train them, and let them do their jobs abroad and at home. The Joint Force’s senior leaders in counter-terrorism operations have the skills and need to be trusted to get it done.
As a member of the House Armed Services Committee, the Foreign Affairs Committee, and former member of the Homeland Security Committee, ensuring the safety of our country has been my top priority in Congress. I have written multiple bills to confront a rising China and have co-led multiple efforts to support our allies in the fight against threats to freedom around the world.
As our unwavering ally in the Middle East, a strong and robust relationship between Israel and America is critical. I have led the fight to continue providing financial and defense support to Israel, confront Tehran’s rising aggression and nuclear ambitions, support Israel in the peace process, and combat movements to delegitimize Israel. Surrounded by adversaries, Israel’s security and ability to maintain its qualitative military edge must be a top priority for Congress. Congress must continue its financial commitment to Israel, especially funding to support its military and defense capabilities. We must also reinstate, and expand, sanctions on Iran, a country whose Supreme Leader has publicly called to annihilate Israel and bring “death to America”.
The U.S. should also support Israel in the peace process by promoting direct bilateral talks, instead of unilateral measures or pressure through international organizations like the United Nations. We must continue to support Israel’s right to defend itself against Hamas terrorist attacks, and ensure that any aid to the Palestinians is contingent on a commitment to nonviolence. And finally, on both the world stage and at home, we should take the lead in clearly and forcefully recognizing Israel’s legitimacy and its right to exist. In addition to providing this moral clarity, we should continue to leverage trade deals to pressure countries to end boycotts of Israel.
Military readiness is the acquisition of the right people, with the right leader, right equipment, and right training. During the Trump Administration, the United States military tackled many of the past failures of the Obama Administration. We must continue to rebuild our military, and fight against the Radical Left’s efforts to defund the Pentagon with drastic funding cuts.
The men and women who serve in our armed forces are the greatest among us. Every effort must be made to give them the very best equipment when they fight, the best possible pay and benefits, a secure, well-equipped home base on which to train, and the essential services they deserve as veterans once their duty ends. Not one dollar of foreign U.S. aid or assistance should be offered or awarded until every dollar owed to every veteran is paid.
Having worn the uniform for 24 years, and now having a son in the Army, I have championed legislation to help our veterans in both the State Senate, and now in Congress. In my first year in Congress, I wrote the Protecting Gold Star Spouses Act and Protecting Gold Star Children Act to ensure the children of our brave men and women who paid the ultimate price for our freedom are taken care of.
In the last few years, I have led the fight to seek justice for our K2 veterans, successfully passing an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act and advocating for an Executive Order signed by President Trump. I have also introduced a bicameral, bipartisan bill that I am working to get passed by Congress. We must ensure they get the care our nation owes them. I will continue to fight for every service member and every veteran.
Legal immigration is necessary for the continued strength of our economy. However, illegal immigration threatens the safety of individual Americans, the financial strength of the country, and an injustice to those who immigrate legally to our great country and honor our laws. The first and immediate step we need to take is to secure the border. Having visited the border three times in the last few years, I have seen firsthand that we must finish building the wall.I introduced a bill to help with that: the Dollars for the Wall Act, which would allow taxpayers to help directly pay for the border wall. We must also reinstate the Trump Administration’s asylum agreements–and firmly reject the proposals by the current administration that put thousands of families at risk to make a dangerous trek to our southern border.
It is also imperative that we enforce current federal law both at the border and across the country. When I served in the State Senate, I passed an anti-sanctuary cities bill that adds teeth to Tennessee’s sanctuary cities law. I also passed a bill forbidding municipalities from creating their own forms of identification. In Congress, I have also co-led a bill to designate certain Mexican drug cartels as foreign terrorist organizations. It’s past time we hold them accountable for the violence and destruction they have caused.
We must fix healthcare in America. As a physician and former healthcare CEO, I know firsthand that we need to increase access, we must cut red tape and keep the government from bogging down the system that provides lifesaving care to millions of Americans.
We must put free market principles back into health care. That’s why I’ve introduced the Medicaid Improvement and State Flexibility Act, which allows states to implement a patient-centered and patient-controlled pilot program for Medicaid patients similar to what I passed as a state senator. Simply put, it’s a medical expense swipe card with a reduced amount of dollars available for medical purchases coupled with a catastrophic insurance plan. The recipient is told the card is for healthcare expenses and the card is only usable at allowed facilities—and any money they do not use comes back to them with their earned income credit, thus incentivizing them to shop for lower prices and save money.
I have also introduced two bipartisan bills in Congress to repeal arcane rules that are killing our rural hospitals. Until we put free market principles back into healthcare, we cannot fix it. Consumer-centered health care shifts control of choice, decisions and payment to the patients and their providers, removing the power of the insurance companies and the government.
As a physician, I know firsthand that life begins at conception, and it’s our moral responsibility as humans to protect the most vulnerable among us. As one of only seven countries that allow elective abortions after 20 weeks in the world—in the company of North Korea—passing the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act should be an easy first step. I was proud to co-sponsor the bill as well as the Born Alive Survivors Protection Act.
We also must prioritize defunding Planned Parenthood, a fight I am also proud to help lead. There are over 13,000 community health clinics that can provide the women’s services that Planned Parenthood purports to provide. It’s well past time to defund Planned Parenthood. We need to protect doctors and nurses from being required to perform abortions, as well as ensure that taxpayer dollars never fund abortions. The Hyde Amendment must stand and I’m proud to take up that fight.
K-12 education is the future of our country, and in order to best serve our students, education should be completely controlled by states and local governments– not the federal government. The federal Department of Education has no business in our children’s education and should be abolished. Until it is shut down, and the money in the department budget returned to the states, I am proud to champion legislation like APLUS to start dismantling the Department’s control on education funding and requirements and give that money back to the states as block grants.
As a strong supporter of parental choice in education, I have signed onto legislation to expand school choice in Congress, including our military families. In the State Senate, I supported every attempt to create and advance school choice, but not at the expense of K-12 education. I was also proud to write the Tennessee Teachers’ Bill of Rights, to ensure our tireless educators had everything they needed to teach our state’s future generations.
I am also proud to sponsor the Kids to College Act, which would help our college students pay off their student loan debt–without the government.
The Constitution protects the right to bear arms, but neither the document nor the government gives us that right. The right to protect ourselves–and our families—comes from our Creator, which is why government cannot take it away. I am proud to fight against all efforts to chip away at our 2nd Amendment in Congress, including an effort by Democrats to stack the Supreme Court. That’s why I introduced a Constitutional amendment to limit the number of justices at nine.
When I served in the State Senate, I led the fight to expand gun rights to law-abiding citizens and championed the constitutional carry bill in the state. I defended each of the freedoms in the Constitution when I went to Iraq and Afghanistan, and you can continue to count on me to keep fighting for the Second Amendment.
From our nation’s founding until the 1950s or so, the analysis of the Constitution was intended to be the original meaning of the words contained in the document. Today, however, instead of a legislative branch that makes laws, the new “lawmakers” of the land have become the whim of nine judges on the Supreme Court. They can easily create and restrict rights according to what they believe the Constitution “ought to say” in today’s setting.
The Judiciary has overtaken the legislative branch, and the greatest battle in Washington is now picking who the next justice will be. The impact of the living interpretation of the U.S. Constitution has led us down a path of destroying the very separation of powers envisioned by our Founders, and disrupted the elected voice of the people. Activist judges now single-handedly overturn the voice of duly-elected representatives. This concentrates power in the hands of the few, restricting who has a say in our system.
Our Founders wisely mistrusted power in the hands of the few, and I believe the great experiment known as America has thrived in large part because no one individual has had too much power. But, unfortunately, over the years, politicians, bureaucrats, and judges have forgotten the Constitutional limits of their power. I have fought to restore the separation of powers as intended by our Founding Fathers in Congress, and will continue to lead that fight.
The solution today is to restore federalism in America–and return the vast majority of power to the states. I write about what we need to do to save our country in an op-ed for Fox News.
THE GREATNESS OF AMERICA
OUR NATION’S DEBT
THE U.S. ECONOMY
SECURITY, STABILITY, AND SAFETY
OUR MILITARY AND VETERANS
THE SANCTITY OF LIFE
THE 2ND AMENDMENT
SEPARATION OF POWERS
Join Our Team
THE HILL: Republicans subpoena HHS secretary for details on unaccompanied minors
NEWSWEEK: Lawmaker Blames Kamala Harris As Illegal Immigrant Accused of Murdering Girlfriend
CLARKSVILLE ONLINE: Congressman Mark Green Hosts 6th Annual Red, White & Blues Event
Join Our Team
This Privacy Policy outlines our practices for collection, use, and disclosure of your information that you provide to us when you use our Site and other Mark Green for Congress mobile applications that display this policy (the Sites). By using these Sites, you agree that your use of the Sites is governed by this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service. From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically check this Site for updates. We will alert you to changes that have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was last updated. Your continued use of the Site affirms your agreement to any changes we make to this Privacy Policy.
Voluntary Information: We may collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us including your name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number, mobile number, and geographic location. You may provide this information when you request information, register, make a purchase, send us an email, sign up to receive email or text messages updates, connect through a social feed, fill out a form or for other purposes. We may also collect demographic information such as gender, date of birth, occupation, employer name and zip code. When this information is linked to personally identifiable information, it will be treated as voluntary personal information. In limited circumstances, we may collect payment information such as credit card number where needed to complete a requested service or transaction. Voluntary personal information does not include aggregate data (data about a group or category of users that has been stripped of identifiable information about individual users) that we may collect about the use of the Sites. This policy does not restrict our collection and use of such aggregate information.
By requesting information to your mobile phone, we may obtain the following information from you in connection with our SMS service: your cell phone number, your carrier’s name, and the date, time and content of your messages, as well as other information that you provide. We will use such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Automatically Generated Information: We may also collect non-personally identifiable information that is generated automatically while you are visiting the Site or elsewhere on the Internet when our advertisements are served, also known as log files. This data includes, but is not limited to, information such as IP address, web pages visited before and after visiting the Site, date and time, domain type, type of mobile device you use, your device’s unique ID, web pages you view and links you click on within the Site and interactions with our advertisements delivered by us or advertisements delivered by a third-party advertising technology vendor. This type of information may be collected using different types of technologies, such as cookies and pixels. An IP address, for example, is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices used to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit our Site, we may view the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. We use this information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand from what regions of the world our Site visitors come. We also may use your non-personally identifiable information to enhance our Site.
All Site users remain anonymous unless they choose to give us their personal information. You may elect not to allow us to collect and use this non-personally identifiable data as part of our Service by following the Opt Out procedures described below.
Overview: We may use cookies and other technologies to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses the Site or visits a website in our network. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser at the request of a website. Cookies help us improve your experience on our Sites, however, if you wish to block, erase or be warned of the use of cookies, please refer to the paragraph below entitled Disabling Cookies or to your browser manufacturer. When you view a video on our Sites, a third party may also set a “flash cookie” on your computer. Since removing and rejecting browser cookies may not also remove or reject flash cookies, you will also need to visit: www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security in order to delete or disable flash cookies. Rejecting or removing browser or flash cookies may affect certain features of our Sites.
This website uses third party vendors such as Google to help analyze how users use the site. For example, Google Analytics uses cookies to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Mark Green for Congress.
Google Analytics collects information anonymously. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither Mark Green for Congress, nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our Site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this Google page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en .
We may use other companies to set cookies on our Site and advertisements and gather cookie information for us. In some cases, we may also use another company to operate web servers or process credit card purchases for our Site. The Site may use cookies and other technology to speed navigation and keep track of items and to gather anonymous traffic data that we may use to enhance the Sites, our Services, marketing, and other internal purposes. This Policy does not apply to, and Mark Green for Congress is not responsible for, cookies used by the third parties. If you select “remember me” on your computer when logging on to the Site, Mark Green for Congress will set a persistent cookie to store your username and password so that you do not have to enter it more than once. It also allows us to send confirmations, receipts, updates, alerts and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of and our administration and operation of the Site. The persistent cookie also enables Mark Green for Congress to track and target the interests of users to enhance the experience on the Site. The persistent cookie is removed when you uncheck the “remember me” check box.
Disabling Cookies: The “Help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive cookies, and how to disable cookies altogether. Note that if you reject or block cookies, it may affect your ability to enjoy the full functionality and experience of our Site.
Web Beacons: Pages of our Site and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit Mark Green for Congress, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or [opened an e-mail] and for other related web site statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Use of Personal Information: If we receive your personal information, we will only use it for the purposes described where it is collected or otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We may share this information outside of Mark Green for Congress if (1) you authorize us to do so; (2) it is necessary to allow our service providers or agents to provide products or services for us, (3) it is necessary in order to provide our products or services to you (and contacting you when necessary), (4) subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is disclosed to entities that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other entities with whom we have service agreements, (5) subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is necessary in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Mark Green for Congress, (6) it is necessary in connection with other business purposes including, without limitation, responding to your inquiries or requests for information or services, customer care, service quality, business management and operation, risk assessment, security, fraud and crime prevention/detection, monitoring, research and analysis, customer purchasing preferences and trends, dispute resolution, credit checking and debt collection, (7) it is necessary to disclose in order to protect or defend our rights or property or those of our users, (8) it is necessary to disclose in order to protect the personal safety of our users or the public, (9) it is necessary for us to provide it to our attorneys, accountants, regulators, auditors or other advisors, or (10) otherwise as we are required or permitted by law or required to comply with legal process served upon us, our agents, representatives or our affiliates. We may also aggregate your personal information with the information of others and may disclose such information in aggregate form for marketing and promotional purposes in a way that would not identify you individually. All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information: Mark Green for Congress or our service providers or agents that provide services for us may use non-personally identifiable information as part of the Services to better tailor advertisements and other content in an effort to create a more relevant experience for each person that visits the Site or elsewhere on the Internet. This non-personally identifiable information may also be used to predict responses to advertisements, to help determine which ads perform best and which content is most appropriate for different individuals, to measure and optimize the effectiveness of advertisements, and to provide aggregate reporting to our service providers or agents and for our and their internal purposes. Nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregated, non-personally identifiable information with third parties.
We use various website analytics tools and technologies regarding activities on our Site that require storage of web session data. The overall aim of these tools is to aid in making our Site easy to use, to proactively identify and correct error conditions and to provide more relevant advertising and content to you. These tools and technologies are also used to assist Site visitors who report problems in the use of our Site. Stored web session data is used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Third Party Use of Cookies: We use cookies to compile aggregate non-personally identifiable data about Site traffic and Site interaction so that we can offer better Site experiences and tools in the future. We may also share non-personally identifiable information with companies such as agencies, ad networks, or exchanges to enable them to analyze user behaviors or to customize the ads that you encounter.
Contests and Other Promotions: On our Site, you may wish to participate in contests and other promotions that we may offer from time to time. Through these promotions, you may choose to participate in activities such as sharing information found on our Site with others and sending e-mail invitations. In connection with any contests and other promotions that we may offer from time to time via our Site, we use the information you provide to administer the contests and other promotions. Subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, we also may use the information to communicate with you, or the other people you select, about our products and services or our service providers or agents partners may use such information to communicate with you about the contests and other promotions or their products and services. If you choose to participate in these promotions, and are eligible to do so, we may ask you for information such as your name, e-mail address, date of birth and telephone number.
Third Party Links: For your convenience, we may include or offer third party offers, products or services on our Site. Third party vendors may use cookies or other technologies to serve ads on other websites based on your visit to this Site and other web sites on the Internet. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of any web sites or pages not under our control and we do not endorse any of these web sites or pages, the services or products described or offered on such sites or pages, or any of the content contained on those sites or pages. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Site and welcome any feedback about these web sites. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of these third parties before disclosing information to the third parties directly.
Social Media Platforms and Websites: Any information, communications, or material of any type or nature that you submit to our Site (including, but not limited to any of our pages contained on a social media platform or web site such as Facebook or Twitter) by e-mail, posting, messaging, uploading, downloading, or otherwise (collectively, a “Submission”), is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of any social media platform or website and we are therefore not responsible for any content or Submissions contained on such sites and platforms. By visiting any of our pages or web sites that are contained on a social media platform or web site, you are representing and warranting to us that you have reviewed the applicable privacy policy and terms of use of such platform or web site and that you will abide by all such provisions contained therein.
Additionally, in the event that we offer a message board or any other interactive or social-type feature on a web site administered directly by us, please be aware that these areas may allow you to publicly post, and share with other users, certain messages, content, or other information (e.g., stories, pictures, ingredients, tips, etc.). Although we may take certain precautions to protect those who use these areas of one of our web sites, we encourage you to be wary of giving out any personal information in such public forums. The information you post can be collected and used by people you don’t know. We cannot guarantee the privacy and safety of these areas and are therefore not responsible for any information you choose to post. Your use of these features is fully at your own risk.
E-mail: We appreciate your questions and comments about our Site and services and welcome your e-mails and questions submitted to our Site. We will share your messages with those within our organization who are most capable of addressing the issues contained in your message. We may archive your message for a certain period of time or discard it, but your e-mail address and message will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Submitting your e-mail: Submitting your address anywhere on the Site may result in your e-mail address being added to Mark Green for Congress’s e-mail list. You may unsubscribe to Mark Green for Congress’s e-mails at any time by opting out of e-mail subscriptions with the “unsubscribe” link included in each e-mail or by following the Opt-Out procedures provided below. Your e-mail address will be removed from our marketing list. Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in process.
Suggesting the Site to a Friend: If you elect to use any feature that includes suggesting a page to a friend or to inform a friend about the Site or solicit donations or pledges or otherwise communicate, Mark Green for Congress may ask for your friend’s name and e-mail address. The Site may automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail inviting them to visit the Sites or otherwise provide the information requested by you. Mark Green for Congress will store and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your friend may contact Mark Green for Congress to request the removal of this information from our databases.
We employ and maintain technology and security measures designed to protect your personal information. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as 100 percent secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us.
Overview: We may use non-personally identifiable information to provide more relevant advertising and content. If you elect to opt out of this type of advertising, we will place a cookie on your browser computer to flag that we should not collect data to tailor advertising to your browser. If you delete your cookies, install a new browser, or use a different computer, you may need to revisit this page to opt out. You can also visit the Digital Advertising Alliance site, by clicking here www.aboutads.info/choices, to opt out of interest-based advertising from other third parties using cookies. In addition, you may email us at mark@markgreentn.com requesting to opt-out of our collection of certain data or text STOP.
Under California Law “the CCPA”, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, e-mail and mailing address and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, write to us at (with a reference to California Disclosure Information): mark@markgreentn.com . In addition, a California resident who has provided Personal Information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for purposes related to personal, family, or household use (“California user”) is entitled to opt-out of the sale of his or her personal information collected on our site. While, from our understanding, the CCPA does not currently apply to our use of collected data, a California user may nevertheless make an opt-out request by completing and texting STOP, or, alternatively, by emailing mark@markgreentn.com with “California Opt-Out” as the subject line. We will respond to such requests for information access or opt-outs within 45 days following receipt at the e-mail or mailing address stated above. If we receive your request at a different e-mail or mailing address or in the event of other extenuating circumstances, we will respond within a reasonable period of time, but not to exceed 135 days from the date received.
Under Nevada Law, Nevada residents may be entitled to opt-out of the sale of personal data collected on our site. As of the date of this policy, we do not knowingly engage in the “sale” of “personal information” of Nevada residents, based on our understanding of how the term “sale” is defined under Nevada law. Nevertheless, a Nevada resident may make an opt-out request by texting STOP or, alternatively, by emailing mark@markgreentn.com with “Nevada Opt-Out” as the subject line.
We strongly encourage parents and guardians to regularly monitor and supervise their children’s online activities. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
When you make a contribution to Mark Green for Congress federal law requires us to obtain the following information: name, mailing address, employer, occupation, and amount of contribution. Federal law also requires us to report this information to the Federal Election Commission if an individual’s contributions aggregate in excess of $200 in a single calendar year. Any credit card information provided is only used to immediately process your donation. All contributions made to the Site are considered final unless the donation is not in compliance with federal election law and/or Federal Election Commission regulations. All purchases from the online store are considered contributions to Mark Green for Congress.
If you are visiting our Site from outside of the United States of America, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States, where our servers are located, and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy. By using our Site, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
Please contact us if you have questions about our Privacy Policy at mark@markgreentn.com You may also write to us at the following address:
Mark Green for Congress PO Box 331983 Nashville, TN 37203 SMS Terms of Service
Go to markgreentn.com to sign up to receive fundraising solicitations and campaign notifications from Mark Green for Congress by registering your mobile number with us. After signing up, you will receive a text message from us on your mobile number. Message frequency may vary. Msg&Data Rates may apply.
Compatible carriers include: AT&T, T-Mobile®, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost, Alltel (Verizon Wireless), U.S. Cellular, Cellular One, MetroPCS, ACS/Alaska, Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Centennial Wireless, Cox Communications, EKN/Appalachian Wireless, GCI, Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix/Keystone Wireless, Inland Cellular, Nex-Tech Wireless, Rural Cellular Corporation, Thumb Cellular, United Wireless, West Central (WCC), Cellcom, C Spire Wireless CellSouth, Cricket, Cincinnati Bell and Virgin Mobile®. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
To discontinue receiving SMS messages from Mark Green for Congress, text STOP to any of our messages. For additional help, text HELP or contact mark@markgreentn.com
Mark Green for Congress respects your right to privacy.
Information Collected and How it is Collected
Cookies and Other Technologies
Information Use and Sharing
Third Party Features
Your California Privacy Rights
Your Nevada Privacy Rights
Visiting our Site from outside of the United States
Join Our Team
