Scraped on: 2025-01-09 16:55:26
Website: Sam Brown NV Senate

Author, Veteran, Small Businessman
Captain Sam Brown, USA, Ret., is a decorated Army veteran, small businessman, and national advocate for resilience and service.
A West Point graduate and Airborne Ranger-qualified leader, Sam was awarded the Bronze Star and Purple Heart for his bravery in Afghanistan, where he survived a devastating roadside bomb attack.
After a three-year recovery, he earned his MBA and founded Palisade Strategies, a Reno-based company providing critical pharmaceutical support to veterans when the VA fell short.
His best-selling memoir, Alive Day , recounts his journey of survival, faith, and unwavering hope, offering inspiration to those facing life’s toughest battles. Dedicated to building a stronger future, Sam continues to champion veterans, families, and working Americans, embodying the values of strength, sacrifice, and service.
Sam, his wife Amy—a fellow veteran—and their three children call Nevada home.
Privacy Policy | Notice at Collection of Personal Information | Do Not Sell My Personal Information
available now for purchase
Author, Veteran, Small Businessman available now for purchase Alive Day: Finding Hope and Purpose after Losing Everything By Brown, Sam, Brown, Amy Buy on Amazon Captain Sam Brown, USA, Ret., is a decorated Army veteran, small businessman, and national advocate for resilience and service. A West Point graduate and Airborne Ranger-qualified leader, Sam was awarded the Bronze Star and Purple Heart for his bravery in Afghanistan, where he survived a devastating roadside bomb attack. After a three-year recovery, he earned his MBA and founded Palisade Strategies, a Reno-based company providing critical pharmaceutical support to veterans when the VA fell short. His best-selling memoir, Alive Day , recounts his journey of survival, faith, and unwavering hope, offering inspiration to those facing life’s toughest battles. Dedicated to building a stronger future, Sam continues to champion veterans, families, and working Americans, embodying the values of strength, sacrifice, and service. Sam, his wife Amy—a fellow veteran—and their three children call Nevada home. about sam
You have nothing in your shopping cart.
Privacy Policy | Notice at Collection of Personal Information | Do Not Sell My Personal Information
You have nothing in your shopping cart.
Privacy Policy | Notice at Collection of Personal Information | Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Author, Veteran, Small Businessman
Captain Sam Brown, USA, Ret., is a decorated Army veteran, small businessman, and national advocate for resilience and service.
A West Point graduate and Airborne Ranger-qualified leader, Sam was awarded the Bronze Star and Purple Heart for his bravery in Afghanistan, where he survived a devastating roadside bomb attack.
After a three-year recovery, he earned his MBA and founded Palisade Strategies, a Reno-based company providing critical pharmaceutical support to veterans when the VA fell short.
His best-selling memoir, Alive Day , recounts his journey of survival, faith, and unwavering hope, offering inspiration to those facing life’s toughest battles. Dedicated to building a stronger future, Sam continues to champion veterans, families, and working Americans, embodying the values of strength, sacrifice, and service.
Sam, his wife Amy—a fellow veteran—and their three children call Nevada home.
Privacy Policy | Notice at Collection of Personal Information | Do Not Sell My Personal Information
available now for purchase
Author, Veteran, Small Businessman available now for purchase Alive Day: Finding Hope and Purpose after Losing Everything By Brown, Sam, Brown, Amy Buy on Amazon Captain Sam Brown, USA, Ret., is a decorated Army veteran, small businessman, and national advocate for resilience and service. A West Point graduate and Airborne Ranger-qualified leader, Sam was awarded the Bronze Star and Purple Heart for his bravery in Afghanistan, where he survived a devastating roadside bomb attack. After a three-year recovery, he earned his MBA and founded Palisade Strategies, a Reno-based company providing critical pharmaceutical support to veterans when the VA fell short. His best-selling memoir, Alive Day , recounts his journey of survival, faith, and unwavering hope, offering inspiration to those facing life’s toughest battles. Dedicated to building a stronger future, Sam continues to champion veterans, families, and working Americans, embodying the values of strength, sacrifice, and service. Sam, his wife Amy—a fellow veteran—and their three children call Nevada home. about sam
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Sam Brown for Nevada (“us”, “we”, “our”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of https://www.captainsambrown.com/ (the “website”).
By using this Site, you agree that your use of the Site is governed by this Privacy Policy. From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. Any changes made to this Privacy Policy will become effective as of the date of posting with respect to the information we then collect in the future, but will not apply to information that we have already collected. It is and will be your responsibility to periodically check this Site for updates and make sure you are aware of the changes. Your continued use of the Site affirms your agreement to any changes we make to this Privacy Policy.
Please note the distinction between our privacy practices in connection with your visit to the Site, and our Terms of Service.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY If you visit our website to browse, read, or download information: Your web browser automatically sends us (and we may retain) information such as the: Internet domain through which you access the Internet (e.g., yourServiceProvider.com if you use a commercial Internet service provider, or yourSchool.edu if you use an Internet account from your school); Internet Protocol address of the computer you are using; type of browser software and operating system you are using; date and time you access our site; and the Internet address of the site from which you linked directly to our site. We will use this information as aggregate data to help us maintain this site, e.g. to determine the number of visitors to different sections of our site, to ensure the site is working properly, and to help us make our site more accessible and useful. We will not use this information to identify individuals, except for site security or law enforcement purposes. We will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information. You may elect not to allow us to collect and use this non-personally identifiable data as part of our Service by following the Opt Out procedures described below.
OTHER INFORMATION WE COLLECT If you choose to identify yourself (or otherwise provide us with personal information) when you use our online forms: We will collect (and may retain) any personally identifying information, such as your name, street address, email address, and phone number, geographic location, and any other information you provide. You may provide this information when you request information, register, make a contribution or purchase, or for other purposes. We may also collect demographic information such as gender, date of birth, occupation, employer name and zip code. In limited circumstances, we may collect payment information such as credit card number where needed to complete a requested service or transaction. By requesting information to your mobile phone, we may obtain the following information from you in connection with our SMS service: your cell phone number, your carrier’s name and the date, time and content of your messages, as well as other information that you provide. We will use this information to try to fulfill your request and may use it to provide you with additional information at a later time. We may share your information with third parties. If you request information, services, or assistance, we may disclose your personal information to those third parties that (in our judgment) are appropriate in order to fulfill your request. If, when you provide us with such information, you specify that you do not want us to disclose the information to third parties, we will honor your request. Note, however, that if you do not provide such information, it may be impossible for us to refer, respond to or fulfill your request. If your communication relates to a law enforcement matter, we may disclose the information to law enforcement agencies that we deem appropriate.
HOW LONG WE KEEP INFORMATION We may keep information that will collect for an unlimited period of time.
USE OF COOKIES Our website may use “cookies” to enhance your experience. Your web browser places cookies on its hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about it. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, note that some parts of the website may not function properly.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
INFORMATION USE AND SHARING Use of Personal Information: If we do receive your personal information, we will only use it for the purposes described where it is collected or otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We may share this information if: (1) you authorize us to do so; (2) it is necessary to allow our service providers or agents to provide products or services for us; (3) it is necessary in order to provide our products or services to you (and contacting you when necessary); (4) subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is necessary to disclose to entities that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other entities with whom we have joint marketing agreements; (5) subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is necessary in connection with a transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Sam Brown for Nevada or its merger into another entity or like transaction in which Sam Brown for Nevada is not the survivor; (6) it is necessary in connection with other business purposes including, without limitation, responding to your inquiries or requests for information or services, customer care, service quality, business management and operation, risk assessment, security, fraud and crime prevention/detection, monitoring, research and analysis, marketing and fundraising, customer purchasing preferences and trends, and dispute resolution; (7) it is necessary to disclose in order to protect or defend our rights or property or those of our users; (8) it is necessary to disclose in order to protect the personal safety of our users or the public; (9) it is necessary for us to provide it to our attorneys, accountants, regulators, auditors or other advisors; or (10) otherwise as we are required or permitted by law or required to comply with legal process served upon us, our agents, representatives or our affiliates. We may also aggregate your personal information with the information of others and may disclose such information in aggregate form for marketing and promotional purposes in a way that would not identify you individually.
Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We and our service providers or agents that provide services for us may use non-personally identifiable information as part of the Services to better tailor advertisements and other content in an effort to create a more relevant experience for each person that visits the Site or elsewhere on the Internet. This non-personally identifiable information may also be used to predict responses to advertisements, to help determine which ads perform best and which content is most appropriate for different individuals, to measure and optimize the effectiveness of advertisements and to provide aggregate reporting to our service providers or agents and for our and their internal purposes. We use various web site analytics tools and technologies regarding activities on the Site that require storage of web session data. The overall aim of these tools is to aid in making the Site easy to use, to proactively identify and correct error conditions and to provide more relevant advertising and content to you. These tools and technologies are also used to assist Site visitors who report problems in the use of the Site. Stored web session data is used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Third Party Use of Cookies: We use cookies to compile aggregate non-personally identifiable data about Site traffic and Site interaction so that we can offer better Site experiences and tools in the future. We may also share non-personally identifiable information with companies such as agencies, ad networks or exchanges to enable them to analyze user behaviors or to customize the ads that you encounter.
CONTESTS, SWEEPSTAKES AND OTHER PROMOTIONS On the Site, you may wish to participate in contests and other promotions that we may offer from time to time. Through these promotions, you may choose to participate in activities such as sharing information found on the Site with others and sending e-mail invitations. In connection with any contests and other promotions that we may offer from time to time via the Site, we use the information you provide to administer the contests and other promotions. Subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, we also may use the information to communicate with you, or the other people you select, about our products and services or our service providers or agents partners may use such information to communicate with you about the contests and other promotions or their products and services. If you choose to participate in these promotions, and are eligible to do so, we may ask you for information such as your name, e-mail address, date of birth and telephone number. Official Contest Rules will accompany any contest sponsored by Sam Brown for Nevada.
CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), in that we do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, information and services are all directed to people who are at least 18 years of age or older, and you must be at least 18 years old to have our permission to use this Site. We expressly do not target and are not seeking to do business with those under the age of 18.
YOUR ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATION You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time by contacting us at: info@captainsambrown.com .
THIRD PARTY FEATURES Our website may contain links to other websites. Any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party’s privacy policy. This Policy does not apply to such linked sites, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of these websites or any other sites that are linked to from our website. We suggest you learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information.
Any information, communications, or material of any type or nature that you submit to the Site (including, but not limited to any of our pages contained on a social media platform or web site such as Facebook or Twitter) by e-mail, posting, messaging, uploading, downloading or otherwise (collectively, a ‘Submission’), is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of any social media platform or web site and we are therefore not responsible for any content or Submissions contained on such sites and platforms. By visiting any of our pages or web sites that are contained on a social media platform or web site, you are representing and warranting to us that you have reviewed the applicable privacy policy and terms of use of such platform or web site and that you will abide by all such provisions contained therein.
Additionally, in the event that we offer a message board or any other interactive or social-type feature on a web site administered directly by us, please be aware that these areas may allow you to publicly post, and share with other users, certain messages, content, or other information (e.g., stories, pictures, opinions, etc.). Although we may take certain precautions to protect those who use these areas of one of our web sites, we encourage you to be wary of giving out any personal information in such public forums. The information you post can be collected and used by people you don’t know. We cannot guarantee the privacy and safety of these areas and are therefore not responsible for any information you choose to post. Your use of these features is fully at your own risk.
SMS/MMS TERMS AND CONDITIONS Sam Brown for Nevada (“we,” “us,” “our”) is providing a mobile messaging program subject to these SMS/MMS Terms and Conditions. Subscribers agree to receive messages from Sam Brown for Nevada containing news updates, calls-to-action, and fundraising solicitations. If you do not wish to continue participating in the program or no longer agree to these Terms, you can reply “STOP” to any mobile message from us in order to opt-out of the program.
User Opt-In: This program allows users to receive SMS/MMS mobile messages by users opting into the program, for example through online sign-up forms or by texting a keyword to our shortcode number, or any future shortcode numbers. Regardless of the opt-in method used to join the program, you agree that these Terms apply to your participation in the program. The mobile messaging service used to communicate with you through this program requires human intervention for mobile messages to be sent. Therefore, through this program, our SMS/MMS messages are not sent to you by an automatic telephone dialing system. Nevertheless, by participating in the program, you agree to receive autodialed marketing mobile messages and you understand that consent is not required to make any purchase from us.
By entering your phone number and selecting to opt in, you consent to join a recurring SMS/MMS text messaging program that will provide alerts, donation requests, updates, and other important information. By participating, you agree to the terms & privacy policy for auto dialed marketing messages to the phone number you provide. Msg&data rates may apply. Text JOIN to 38891 to opt in. Reply HELP for help or STOP to opt out at any time. SMS information is not rented, sold, or shared.
Program Information: Without limiting the scope of the program, users that opt into the program can expect to receive messages concerning Sam Brown for Nevada.
Cost and Frequency: Message and data rates may apply. Messaging frequency varies. The program involves repeated mobile messages, and additional mobile messages may be sent based on your interactions with us.
Contact Information: For support text “HELP” to our shortcode number or to any of our mobile messages, or email info@captainsambrown.com .
User Opt-Out and Help: To opt-out (no longer receive messages via shortcode SMS/MMS from us through this program), reply “STOP” to our shortcode number, or to any of our mobile messages from your mobile device or email info@captainsambrown.com . You may receive an additional mobile message confirming your decision to opt-out. For additional support, text “HELP” to our shortcode number to get help.
Compatible carriers include: AT&T, T-Mobile®, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost, Alltel (Verizon Wireless), U.S. Cellular, Cellular One, MetroPCS, ACS/Alaska, Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Centennial Wireless, Cox Communications, EKN/Appalachian Wireless, GCI, Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix/Keystone Wireless, Inland Cellular, Nex-Tech Wireless, Rural Cellular Corporation, Thumb Cellular, United Wireless, West Central (WCC), Cellcom, C Spire Wireless CellSouth, Cricket, Cincinnati Bell and Virgin Mobile®
MMS Disclosure: This program will send SMS messages if your mobile device does not support MMS messaging.
Warranty: Delivery of mobile messages is subject to transmission from your wireless service provider and network operator, and is outside of our control. We will not be liable for any delays or failures in the receipt of any mobile messages connected with this program.
Submitting your e-mail: Submitting your address anywhere on the Site may result in your e-mail address being added to the Sam Brown for Nevada e-mail list. You may unsubscribe to our e-mails at any time by opting out of e-mail subscriptions with the ‘unsubscribe’ link included in each e-mail. Your e-mail address will be removed from our marketing list. Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in process.
SECURITY We take reasonable precautions to protect your information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission that can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Under California Law, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, e-mail and mailing address and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, please contact us on the Site or write to us at (with a reference to California Disclosure Information) info@captainsambrown.com .
We will respond to such requests for information access within 30 days following receipt at the e-mail address stated above. If we receive your request at a different e-mail or mailing address, we will respond within a reasonable period of time, but not to exceed 150 days from the date received. Please note that we are only required to respond to each customer once per calendar year.
Sam Brown for Nevada does not currently engage in activities that constitute a “sale” for purposes of California’s privacy law. However, if you are a California user and would like to request that we either (1) delete all information we have obtained about you; (2) delete all information we have obtained about you; (3) limit the use of information we have obtained about you; or (4) not sell that information in the future to any third party whatsoever, click here to make that reques t : DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION . A California user’s exercise of the rights described in this Section will not result in discriminatory treatment by Sam Brown for Nevada.
YOUR NEVADA PRIVACY RIGHTS Under Nevada law, a Nevada resident who has provided Personal Information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for purposes related to personal, family, or household use (“Nevada user”) is entitled to request that we not make any sale, as defined in applicable law, of any Personal Information collected, or to be collected, about you to any third party whatsoever. Click here to make that request .
YOUR VIRGINIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Under Virginia law, a resident of Virginia who has provided Personal Information to any business targeting products or services in Virginia (“Virginia user”) is entitled to request that we (1) confirm the possession of information about you; (2) correct inaccuracies in any information we have obtained about you; (3) delete all information we have obtained about you; (4) not sell that information in the future to any third party whatsoever; or (5) not process the information we have collected from you for purposes of advertising, sale of the data, or profiling as outlined in applicable law. Click here to make that request .
CONTRIBUTIONS When you make a contribution to Sam Brown for Nevada, applicable state or federal law may require us to collect and report certain information. Federal law requires us to obtain the following information: name, mailing address, employer, occupation and amount of contribution. Federal law also requires us to report this information to the Federal Election Commission if an individual’s contributions aggregate in excess of $200 in an election cycle. All contributions made to the Site are considered final unless the donation is not in compliance with applicable law. All purchases from the online store are considered to be contributions to Sam Brown for Nevada. Online donors have the option to store their credit card information when registering with the Site. Online donors taking advantage of this option will have their credit card information securely saved through a third-party payment processor, Stripe (https://stripe.com/help/security), which has been audited by a PCI-certified auditor, and is certified to PCI Service Provider Level 1. This is the most stringent level of certification available.
VISITING THE SITE FROM OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES This website does not intend to target any users who are residents of the European Union, nor does intend to provide any goods or services to any users who are residents of the European Union. If you are visiting the Site from outside of the United States of America, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States, where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy. By using the Site, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY Sam Brown for Nevada has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our website and revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS By using the website, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our website. Your continued use of the website following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
All the above excludes text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties unless required by law.
CONTACTING US If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, please contact us at: info@captainsambrown.com .
This Privacy Policy is effective with respect to all data that we have collected since the date we started collecting data, which was July 10, 2023.
Privacy Policy | Notice at Collection of Personal Information | Do Not Sell My Personal Information
PRIVACY POLICY This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Sam Brown for Nevada (“us”, “we”, “our”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of https://www.captainsambrown.com/ (the “website”). By using this Site, you agree that your use of the Site is governed by this Privacy Policy. From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. Any changes made to this Privacy Policy will become effective as of the date of posting with respect to the information we then collect in the future, but will not apply to information that we have already collected. It is and will be your responsibility to periodically check this Site for updates and make sure you are aware of the changes. Your continued use of the Site affirms your agreement to any changes we make to this Privacy Policy. Please note the distinction between our privacy practices in connection with your visit to the Site, and our Terms of Service. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY If you visit our website to browse, read, or download information: Your web browser automatically sends us (and we may retain) information such as the: Internet domain through which you access the Internet (e.g., yourServiceProvider.com if you use a commercial Internet service provider, or yourSchool.edu if you use an Internet account from your school); Internet Protocol address of the computer you are using; type of browser software and operating system you are using; date and time you access our site; and the Internet address of the site from which you linked directly to our site. We will use this information as aggregate data to help us maintain this site, e.g. to determine the number of visitors to different sections of our site, to ensure the site is working properly, and to help us make our site more accessible and useful. We will not use this information to identify individuals, except for site security or law enforcement purposes. We will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information. You may elect not to allow us to collect and use this non-personally identifiable data as part of our Service by following the Opt Out procedures described below. OTHER INFORMATION WE COLLECT If you choose to identify yourself (or otherwise provide us with personal information) when you use our online forms: We will collect (and may retain) any personally identifying information, such as your name, street address, email address, and phone number, geographic location, and any other information you provide. You may provide this information when you request information, register, make a contribution or purchase, or for other purposes. We may also collect demographic information such as gender, date of birth, occupation, employer name and zip code. In limited circumstances, we may collect payment information such as credit card number where needed to complete a requested service or transaction. By requesting information to your mobile phone, we may obtain the following information from you in connection with our SMS service: your cell phone number, your carrier’s name and the date, time and content of your messages, as well as other information that you provide. We will use this information to try to fulfill your request and may use it to provide you with additional information at a later time. We may share your information with third parties. If you request information, services, or assistance, we may disclose your personal information to those third parties that (in our judgment) are appropriate in order to fulfill your request. If, when you provide us with such information, you specify that you do not want us to disclose the information to third parties, we will honor your request. Note, however, that if you do not provide such information, it may be impossible for us to refer, respond to or fulfill your request. If your communication relates to a law enforcement matter, we may disclose the information to law enforcement agencies that we deem appropriate. HOW LONG WE KEEP INFORMATION We may keep information that will collect for an unlimited period of time. USE OF COOKIES Our website may use “cookies” to enhance your experience. Your web browser places cookies on its hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about it. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, note that some parts of the website may not function properly. GOOGLE ANALYTICS We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser. INFORMATION USE AND SHARING Use of Personal Information: If we do receive your personal information, we will only use it for the purposes described where it is collected or otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We may share this information if: (1) you authorize us to do so; (2) it is necessary to allow our service providers or agents to provide products or services for us; (3) it is necessary in order to provide our products or services to you (and contacting you when necessary); (4) subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is necessary to disclose to entities that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other entities with whom we have joint marketing agreements; (5) subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is necessary in connection with a transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Sam Brown for Nevada or its merger into another entity or like transaction in which Sam Brown for Nevada is not the survivor; (6) it is necessary in connection with other business purposes including, without limitation, responding to your inquiries or requests for information or services, customer care, service quality, business management and operation, risk assessment, security, fraud and crime prevention/detection, monitoring, research and analysis, marketing and fundraising, customer purchasing preferences and trends, and dispute resolution; (7) it is necessary to disclose in order to protect or defend our rights or property or those of our users; (8) it is necessary to disclose in order to protect the personal safety of our users or the public; (9) it is necessary for us to provide it to our attorneys, accountants, regulators, auditors or other advisors; or (10) otherwise as we are required or permitted by law or required to comply with legal process served upon us, our agents, representatives or our affiliates. We may also aggregate your personal information with the information of others and may disclose such information in aggregate form for marketing and promotional purposes in a way that would not identify you individually. Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We and our service providers or agents that provide services for us may use non-personally identifiable information as part of the Services to better tailor advertisements and other content in an effort to create a more relevant experience for each person that visits the Site or elsewhere on the Internet. This non-personally identifiable information may also be used to predict responses to advertisements, to help determine which ads perform best and which content is most appropriate for different individuals, to measure and optimize the effectiveness of advertisements and to provide aggregate reporting to our service providers or agents and for our and their internal purposes. We use various web site analytics tools and technologies regarding activities on the Site that require storage of web session data. The overall aim of these tools is to aid in making the Site easy to use, to proactively identify and correct error conditions and to provide more relevant advertising and content to you. These tools and technologies are also used to assist Site visitors who report problems in the use of the Site. Stored web session data is used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Third Party Use of Cookies: We use cookies to compile aggregate non-personally identifiable data about Site traffic and Site interaction so that we can offer better Site experiences and tools in the future. We may also share non-personally identifiable information with companies such as agencies, ad networks or exchanges to enable them to analyze user behaviors or to customize the ads that you encounter. CONTESTS, SWEEPSTAKES AND OTHER PROMOTIONS On the Site, you may wish to participate in contests and other promotions that we may offer from time to time. Through these promotions, you may choose to participate in activities such as sharing information found on the Site with others and sending e-mail invitations. In connection with any contests and other promotions that we may offer from time to time via the Site, we use the information you provide to administer the contests and other promotions. Subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, we also may use the information to communicate with you, or the other people you select, about our products and services or our service providers or agents partners may use such information to communicate with you about the contests and other promotions or their products and services. If you choose to participate in these promotions, and are eligible to do so, we may ask you for information such as your name, e-mail address, date of birth and telephone number. Official Contest Rules will accompany any contest sponsored by Sam Brown for Nevada. CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), in that we do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, information and services are all directed to people who are at least 18 years of age or older, and you must be at least 18 years old to have our permission to use this Site. We expressly do not target and are not seeking to do business with those under the age of 18. YOUR ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATION You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time by contacting us at: info@captainsambrown.com . THIRD PARTY FEATURES Our website may contain links to other websites. Any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party’s privacy policy. This Policy does not apply to such linked sites, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of these websites or any other sites that are linked to from our website. We suggest you learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information. Any information, communications, or material of any type or nature that you submit to the Site (including, but not limited to any of our pages contained on a social media platform or web site such as Facebook or Twitter) by e-mail, posting, messaging, uploading, downloading or otherwise (collectively, a ‘Submission’), is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of any social media platform or web site and we are therefore not responsible for any content or Submissions contained on such sites and platforms. By visiting any of our pages or web sites that are contained on a social media platform or web site, you are representing and warranting to us that you have reviewed the applicable privacy policy and terms of use of such platform or web site and that you will abide by all such provisions contained therein. Additionally, in the event that we offer a message board or any other interactive or social-type feature on a web site administered directly by us, please be aware that these areas may allow you to publicly post, and share with other users, certain messages, content, or other information (e.g., stories, pictures, opinions, etc.). Although we may take certain precautions to protect those who use these areas of one of our web sites, we encourage you to be wary of giving out any personal information in such public forums. The information you post can be collected and used by people you don’t know. We cannot guarantee the privacy and safety of these areas and are therefore not responsible for any information you choose to post. Your use of these features is fully at your own risk. SMS/MMS TERMS AND CONDITIONS Sam Brown for Nevada (“we,” “us,” “our”) is providing a mobile messaging program subject to these SMS/MMS Terms and Conditions. Subscribers agree to receive messages from Sam Brown for Nevada containing news updates, calls-to-action, and fundraising solicitations. If you do not wish to continue participating in the program or no longer agree to these Terms, you can reply “STOP” to any mobile message from us in order to opt-out of the program. User Opt-In: This program allows users to receive SMS/MMS mobile messages by users opting into the program, for example through online sign-up forms or by texting a keyword to our shortcode number, or any future shortcode numbers. Regardless of the opt-in method used to join the program, you agree that these Terms apply to your participation in the program. The mobile messaging service used to communicate with you through this program requires human intervention for mobile messages to be sent. Therefore, through this program, our SMS/MMS messages are not sent to you by an automatic telephone dialing system. Nevertheless, by participating in the program, you agree to receive autodialed marketing mobile messages and you understand that consent is not required to make any purchase from us. By entering your phone number and selecting to opt in, you consent to join a recurring SMS/MMS text messaging program that will provide alerts, donation requests, updates, and other important information. By participating, you agree to the terms & privacy policy for auto dialed marketing messages to the phone number you provide. Msg&data rates may apply. Text JOIN to 38891 to opt in. Reply HELP for help or STOP to opt out at any time. SMS information is not rented, sold, or shared. Program Information: Without limiting the scope of the program, users that opt into the program can expect to receive messages concerning Sam Brown for Nevada. Cost and Frequency: Message and data rates may apply. Messaging frequency varies. The program involves repeated mobile messages, and additional mobile messages may be sent based on your interactions with us. Contact Information: For support text “HELP” to our shortcode number or to any of our mobile messages, or email info@captainsambrown.com . User Opt-Out and Help: To opt-out (no longer receive messages via shortcode SMS/MMS from us through this program), reply “STOP” to our shortcode number, or to any of our mobile messages from your mobile device or email info@captainsambrown.com . You may receive an additional mobile message confirming your decision to opt-out. For additional support, text “HELP” to our shortcode number to get help. Compatible carriers include: AT&T, T-Mobile®, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost, Alltel (Verizon Wireless), U.S. Cellular, Cellular One, MetroPCS, ACS/Alaska, Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Centennial Wireless, Cox Communications, EKN/Appalachian Wireless, GCI, Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix/Keystone Wireless, Inland Cellular, Nex-Tech Wireless, Rural Cellular Corporation, Thumb Cellular, United Wireless, West Central (WCC), Cellcom, C Spire Wireless CellSouth, Cricket, Cincinnati Bell and Virgin Mobile® MMS Disclosure: This program will send SMS messages if your mobile device does not support MMS messaging. Warranty: Delivery of mobile messages is subject to transmission from your wireless service provider and network operator, and is outside of our control. We will not be liable for any delays or failures in the receipt of any mobile messages connected with this program. Submitting your e-mail: Submitting your address anywhere on the Site may result in your e-mail address being added to the Sam Brown for Nevada e-mail list. You may unsubscribe to our e-mails at any time by opting out of e-mail subscriptions with the ‘unsubscribe’ link included in each e-mail. Your e-mail address will be removed from our marketing list. Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in process. SECURITY We take reasonable precautions to protect your information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission that can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Under California Law, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, e-mail and mailing address and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, please contact us on the Site or write to us at (with a reference to California Disclosure Information) info@captainsambrown.com . We will respond to such requests for information access within 30 days following receipt at the e-mail address stated above. If we receive your request at a different e-mail or mailing address, we will respond within a reasonable period of time, but not to exceed 150 days from the date received. Please note that we are only required to respond to each customer once per calendar year. Sam Brown for Nevada does not currently engage in activities that constitute a “sale” for purposes of California’s privacy law. However, if you are a California user and would like to request that we either (1) delete all information we have obtained about you; (2) delete all information we have obtained about you; (3) limit the use of information we have obtained about you; or (4) not sell that information in the future to any third party whatsoever, click here to make that reques t : DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION . A California user’s exercise of the rights described in this Section will not result in discriminatory treatment by Sam Brown for Nevada. YOUR NEVADA PRIVACY RIGHTS Under Nevada law, a Nevada resident who has provided Personal Information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for purposes related to personal, family, or household use (“Nevada user”) is entitled to request that we not make any sale, as defined in applicable law, of any Personal Information collected, or to be collected, about you to any third party whatsoever. Click here to make that request . YOUR VIRGINIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Under Virginia law, a resident of Virginia who has provided Personal Information to any business targeting products or services in Virginia (“Virginia user”) is entitled to request that we (1) confirm the possession of information about you; (2) correct inaccuracies in any information we have obtained about you; (3) delete all information we have obtained about you; (4) not sell that information in the future to any third party whatsoever; or (5) not process the information we have collected from you for purposes of advertising, sale of the data, or profiling as outlined in applicable law. Click here to make that request . CONTRIBUTIONS When you make a contribution to Sam Brown for Nevada, applicable state or federal law may require us to collect and report certain information. Federal law requires us to obtain the following information: name, mailing address, employer, occupation and amount of contribution. Federal law also requires us to report this information to the Federal Election Commission if an individual’s contributions aggregate in excess of $200 in an election cycle. All contributions made to the Site are considered final unless the donation is not in compliance with applicable law. All purchases from the online store are considered to be contributions to Sam Brown for Nevada. Online donors have the option to store their credit card information when registering with the Site. Online donors taking advantage of this option will have their credit card information securely saved through a third-party payment processor, Stripe (https://stripe.com/help/security), which has been audited by a PCI-certified auditor, and is certified to PCI Service Provider Level 1. This is the most stringent level of certification available. VISITING THE SITE FROM OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES This website does not intend to target any users who are residents of the European Union, nor does intend to provide any goods or services to any users who are residents of the European Union. If you are visiting the Site from outside of the United States of America, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States, where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy. By using the Site, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY Sam Brown for Nevada has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our website and revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS By using the website, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our website. Your continued use of the website following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. All the above excludes text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties unless required by law. CONTACTING US If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, please contact us at: info@captainsambrown.com . This Privacy Policy is effective with respect to all data that we have collected since the date we started collecting data, which was July 10, 2023.
In order to enhance your overall user experience, we collect two types of information about our users: Personal Information (“Personal Information”) and Non-Personally Identifiable Information (“Non-Personal Information”). Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience while using our site.
Personal Information : We may collect personal information you voluntarily provide to us including, but not limited to your name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number, mobile number and geographic location. You may provide this information when you request information, register, make a purchase or for other purposes. We may also collect demographic information such as gender, date of birth, occupation, employer name and zip code. In limited circumstances, we may collect payment information such as credit card number where needed to complete a requested service or transaction.
Non-Personal Information : We may also collect non-personally identifiable information that is generated automatically while you are visiting the Site or elsewhere on the Internet when our advertisements are served, also known as log files. This data includes, but is not limited to, information such as IP address, web pages visited before and after visiting the Site, date and time, domain type, type of mobile device you use, your device’s unique ID, web pages you view and links you click on within the Site and interactions with our advertisements delivered by us or advertisements delivered by a third party advertising technology vendor. This type of information may be collected using different types of technologies, such as cookies and pixels. An IP address, for example, is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices used to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit the Site, we may view the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. We use this information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand from what regions of the world the Site visitors come. We also may use your non-personally identifiable information to enhance the Site.
We do not collect any Personal Information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. You provide certain Personal Information to us when you: (a) register your email address with us; (b) enter sweepstakes or contests sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) send email messages, submit forms or transmit other information by telephone or letter to us through our site; or (d) submit your credit card or other payment information when making a contribution or purchase on our site. We may also collect information from you at other points on our site that state that such information is being collected.
In addition, we may also collect, or our third party servers and/or providers may collect, certain Non-Personal Information. This information is ultimately stored in the form of categories, and, in some cases, specific URLs. We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers, software, to administer our site and to gather demographic information. Our third party providers may also provide us with summary, but not individual, reports that will tell us how many users interacted with or clicked on certain content on the site, along with aggregate data about the types of users who interacted with that content.
We will primarily use your Personal Information to provide our content to you as requested when you submit that Personal Information. We will also use Personal Information you submit for purposes that include, but are not necessarily limited to, enhancing the operation of our site and our emails, completing transactions as necessary, improving our marketing and promotional efforts, statistically analyzing site use, improving our content offerings, and customizing our site’s content, layout, and services. We may use Personal Information to deliver information to you and to contact you regarding administrative notices. We may also use Personal Information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our agreements with you.
For additional information, please review our Privacy Policy . Additionally, you may request that we refrain from selling your personal information here: Do Not Sell My Personal Information .
Privacy Policy | Notice at Collection of Personal Information | Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Notice at collection of personal information
Notice at collection of personal information In order to enhance your overall user experience, we collect two types of information about our users: Personal Information (“Personal Information”) and Non-Personally Identifiable Information (“Non-Personal Information”). Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience while using our site. Personal Information : We may collect personal information you voluntarily provide to us including, but not limited to your name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number, mobile number and geographic location. You may provide this information when you request information, register, make a purchase or for other purposes. We may also collect demographic information such as gender, date of birth, occupation, employer name and zip code. In limited circumstances, we may collect payment information such as credit card number where needed to complete a requested service or transaction. Non-Personal Information : We may also collect non-personally identifiable information that is generated automatically while you are visiting the Site or elsewhere on the Internet when our advertisements are served, also known as log files. This data includes, but is not limited to, information such as IP address, web pages visited before and after visiting the Site, date and time, domain type, type of mobile device you use, your device’s unique ID, web pages you view and links you click on within the Site and interactions with our advertisements delivered by us or advertisements delivered by a third party advertising technology vendor. This type of information may be collected using different types of technologies, such as cookies and pixels. An IP address, for example, is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices used to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit the Site, we may view the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. We use this information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand from what regions of the world the Site visitors come. We also may use your non-personally identifiable information to enhance the Site. We do not collect any Personal Information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. You provide certain Personal Information to us when you: (a) register your email address with us; (b) enter sweepstakes or contests sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) send email messages, submit forms or transmit other information by telephone or letter to us through our site; or (d) submit your credit card or other payment information when making a contribution or purchase on our site. We may also collect information from you at other points on our site that state that such information is being collected. In addition, we may also collect, or our third party servers and/or providers may collect, certain Non-Personal Information. This information is ultimately stored in the form of categories, and, in some cases, specific URLs. We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers, software, to administer our site and to gather demographic information. Our third party providers may also provide us with summary, but not individual, reports that will tell us how many users interacted with or clicked on certain content on the site, along with aggregate data about the types of users who interacted with that content. We will primarily use your Personal Information to provide our content to you as requested when you submit that Personal Information. We will also use Personal Information you submit for purposes that include, but are not necessarily limited to, enhancing the operation of our site and our emails, completing transactions as necessary, improving our marketing and promotional efforts, statistically analyzing site use, improving our content offerings, and customizing our site’s content, layout, and services. We may use Personal Information to deliver information to you and to contact you regarding administrative notices. We may also use Personal Information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our agreements with you. For additional information, please review our Privacy Policy . Additionally, you may request that we refrain from selling your personal information here: Do Not Sell My Personal Information .
Under California law, a California resident who has provided Personal Information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for purposes related to personal, family, or household use (“California user”) is entitled to opt-out of the sale of his or her personal information collected on our site. A California user may make an opt-out request by completing and submitting the form below, or, alternatively, by emailing a dedicated email address with “California Opt-Out” as the subject line. For additional information regarding data collection, please consult our Privacy Policy .
Privacy Policy | Notice at Collection of Personal Information | Do Not Sell My Personal Information
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION Under California law, a California resident who has provided Personal Information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for purposes related to personal, family, or household use (“California user”) is entitled to opt-out of the sale of his or her personal information collected on our site. A California user may make an opt-out request by completing and submitting the form below, or, alternatively, by emailing a dedicated email address with “California Opt-Out” as the subject line. For additional information regarding data collection, please consult our Privacy Policy . NAME (required) First Name Last Name EMAIL (required) SUBMIT SUBMIT
