Florida Senate Race: Candidates Rick Scott, Debbie Mucarsel-Powell Talk Social Security, Medicare and More (October 1, 2024)
URL: https://states.aarp.org/florida/scott-mucarsel-powell-senate-2024-q-and-a
Scraped on: 2025-04-15 13:45:07

En español | Florida’s U.S. Senate race pits incumbent Republican Rick Scott against Democratic challenger Debbie Mucarsel-Powell. Scott, a former health care industry executive, was elected to the Senate in 2018, after serving as Florida’s governor. Mucarsel-Powell, whose family immigrated to the U.S. from Ecuador, served in the U.S. House from 2019 to 2021 after a career in academia and the nonprofit sector. AARP asked both candidates about issues important to older Floridians. Mucarsel-Powell answered some questions during a phone interview and others in writing; Scott submitted all answers in writing. Their responses have been edited for clarity and brevity. On Caregiving AARP studies show that 48 million family caregivers provide at least $600 billion in unpaid care a year, many helping their older loved ones continue to live independently. If elected, how would you support family caregivers, many of whom are juggling work and family? Mucarsel-Powell: This really hits home for me. My mother lives with me, so I’ve personally seen the burden and really the responsibility [of caregiving].... One of the things we can do is provide tax incentives to families that have to take care of an elderly parent.... We also need to provide better services and expand Medicaid ... So if the senior needs someone to come to their home to help them ... they should be able to receive that. Scott: I am honored to serve on the [Senate] Special Committee on Aging, where I fight to support Florida’s great seniors and their families. We must continue to bolster the health care workforce so American families have access to quality care for their aging family members. I was proud to support an amendment to the Supporting Older Americans Act [of 2020] that provides funding for programs like Meals on Wheels, senior centers and affordable housing for seniors. On Social Security Social Security is expected to see a shortfall in approximately 10 years. If Congress doesn’t act, millions of Americans who are counting on Social Security may see cuts to the money they’ve earned. If elected, how would you protect Social Security benefits for the future? Scott: Right now, Social Security is at risk because of decades of Washington’s reckless and wasteful spending. I introduced the Protect Our Seniors Act to protect vital programs like Social Security and Medicare from going insolvent. I am fighting to bolster Social Security and protect seniors from skyrocketing inflation we’ve seen by getting government spending under control and paying down our national debt. Mucarsel-Powell : I’ve had multiple conversations with people living in the state of Florida that asked me specifically to not raise the age [for full Social Security benefits].... What we cannot do is reduce the benefit, eliminate the benefit or privatize the benefit. On Medicare Medicare provides critical health coverage for older Americans. If elected, how would you protect Medicare from benefit cuts, and how can the program be improved? Mucarsel-Powell: One of the things I did in Congress is write a bill to expand Medicare coverage while we were going through the pandemic.... So not only do we need to protect it, but ... we need to expand the coverage we currently have.... We need to figure out ... [how to include basic] dental and optical [in Medicare]. Scott : I’m working to make sure we preserve and protect … Medicare and have proposals to do so, like my Protect Our Seniors Act . On Prescription Drug Prices Americans pay some of the highest prescription drug prices in the world. If elected, how will you lower prescription drug prices for all Americans? Scott : We need to address the soaring costs of prescription drugs right now. I introduced the American Drugs Act that would end our reliance on prescription drugs made in communist China and incentivize American manufacturers to make prescription drugs in the United States. This would bolster the American supply chain and allow manufacturers to produce prescription drugs cheaper here at home. Mucarsel-Powell: I will always stand up to drug companies and ensure that families in Florida ... can afford their prescription drugs. I support legislation like the Lowering Drug Costs for American Families Act, which expands the Inflation Reduction Act’s drug price negotiation program to all Americans ... and increases the annual number of prescription drugs selected for negotiation. On Retirement Savings Millions of American workers have no way to save for retirement through their employers. If elected, what steps would you take to help American workers save for their retirement? Scott: Americans are struggling to save for retirement thanks to skyrocketing inflation.... We need to get our spending under control and lower prices…. I’m fighting every day to lower costs …. And I’m working to make it harder for politicians to raise taxes so Americans can save more. Mucarsel-Powell: I would support legislation that requires employers that don’t offer traditional pensions to contribute to employee 401(k) accounts, with exemptions for small businesses that might not have the ability to cover such costs and stay afloat. On Quality of Life If elected, what will you do to improve the lives of older Americans and their families? Mucarsel-Powell: We all have to make sure that our seniors are treated with respect [and] have high-quality health care.... We need to protect Medicare and Social Security. We need to ensure Social Security payments [match] inflation. We need to expand Medicare coverage .... It’s a holistic approach. Scott: I will continue to push for meaningful legislation that will benefit Florida seniors, including the Protect our Seniors Act to protect Medicare and Social Security from going insolvent at the hands of Washington’s reckless spending; the Improving Seniors Timely Access to Care Act that establishes standards and requirements to help prevent unnecessary delays to critical care under Medicare Advantage [and] the Financial Exploitation Prevention Act to prevent American seniors from being exploited for financial gain. — Interviews by Drew Jubera Find more information on the candidates at rickscott.com and debbieforflorida.com . As a nonpartisan, nonprofit organization, AARP does not endorse candidates or make political donations. More on the 2024 Elections How to Vote in Florida's 2024 Elections Older Voters Will Decide the 2024 Elections 8 Things to Know About Election Disinformation in the Age of AI Need to Vote Early? — AARP If you’re concerned you’ll be unable to vote in person in November, casting your vote early could be an option. Here are some terms you need to know if you can’t make it to the polls in person. For more information go to aarp.org/vote. Video Player is loading. Play Video Play Mute Current Time 0:00 / Duration 0:00 Loaded : 0% 0:00 Stream Type LIVE Seek to live, currently behind live LIVE Remaining Time - 0:00 1x Playback Rate Chapters Chapters Descriptions descriptions off , selected Captions captions settings , opens captions settings dialog captions off , selected English Captions Audio Track Fullscreen This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. Text Color White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Transparent Semi-Transparent Opaque Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Proportional Sans-Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Serif Casual Script Small Caps Reset restore all settings to the default values Done Close Modal Dialog End of dialog window. Close Modal Dialog This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button. Play Mute Current Time 0:00 / Duration 0:00 Loaded : 0% Stream Type LIVE Seek to live, currently playing live LIVE Remaining Time - 0:00 1x Playback Rate Fullscreen Need to Vote Early? — AARP Topics 2024 elections vote senate About AARP Florida Contact information and more from your state office. Learn what we are doing to champion social change and help you live your best life.
Rolling Stones Presale
Car rental
AARP daily Crossword Puzzle
Hotels with AARP discounts
Life Insurance
AARP MEMBERSHIP
AARP Membership — $15 for your first year when you sign up for Automatic Renewal
Get instant access to members-only products, hundreds of discounts, a free second membership, and a subscription to AARP the Magazine.
AARP en Español
Close Menu
Conditions & Treatments
Drugs & Supplements
Health Care & Coverage
Health Benefits
AARP Eye Center
Tips to Protect Your Eyesight
AARP Hearing Center
Ways To Improve Your Hearing
Mental Health Resources
Coping with Depression and Anxiety
AARP Smart Guide
Prepare for a Good Night's Sleep
Close Menu
Scams & Fraud
Personal Finance
Money Benefits
Scams & Fraud
View and Report Scams in Your Area
Take the Charitable Giving Quiz
AARP Money Map
Get Your Finances Back on Track
Budget & Savings
Make Your Appliances Last Longer
Work & Jobs
Close Menu
Job Search
Small Business
Age Discrimination
Flexible Work
Freelance Jobs You Can Do From Home
AARP Skills Builder
Online Courses to Boost Your Career
31 Great Ways to Boost Your Career
ON-DEMAND WEBINARS
Tips to Enhance Your Job Search
Close Menu
Drug Prices
Saving You RX Dollars
Social Security
Fighting to Protect Social Security
Medicare & Medicaid
Advocating for Strong Programs
Supporting Family Caregivers
Social Security
Close Menu
Get More out of Your Benefits
When to Start Taking Social Security
10 Top Social Security FAQs
Social Security Benefits Calculator
Close Menu
Close Menu
Care at Home
Financial & Legal
Life Balance
LONG-TERM CARE
​Understanding Basics of LTC Insurance​
State Guides
Assistance and Services in Your Area
Prepare to Care Guides
How to Develop a Caregiving Plan
Care at Home
How to Find the Right Caregiver
Close Menu
Recently Played
Word & Trivia
Atari® & Retro
Members Only
Staying Sharp
New Games
Game Shows
More About Games
Right Again! Trivia
Right Again! Trivia – Sports
Atari® Video Games
Throwback Thursday Crossword
Close Menu
Travel Tips
Vacation Ideas
Travel Benefits
2025 destinations
Where to Vacation in 2025
winter getaways
Budget-Friendly Destinations
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
Discover the Top Island to Visit
AARP National Park Guide
Travel to Canyonlands in Utah
Entertainment & Style
Close Menu
Beauty & Style
Editors' Picks
Best New Shows and Movies
The Weekly Read
Hot New Book Releases
Free Online Novel
Read 'Midnight at the Blackbird Café'
Family & Relationships
Close Menu
Sex & Intimacy
Make Your Bedroom More Romantic
4 Ways to Connect With Grandchildren
Making Lasting Memories With Mom
Personal Tech
Close Menu
Store Medical Records on Your Phone?
Tech Tips
Maximize the Life of Your Phone Battery
Virtual Community Center
Join Free Tech Help Events
Home & Living
Close Menu
Your Home
​10 Things to Clean in 10 Minutes
Home Improvement
​Your Home Checklist for Aging in Place
AARP Smart Guide
38 Ways to Boost Home's Curb Appeal
Close Menu
Car Buying
Driver Safety
Maintenance & Safety
Trends & Technology
Car Buying
Is Now the Time to Buy an Electric Car?
We Need To Talk
Assess Your Loved One's Driving Skills
Driver Safety
AARP Smart Driver Course
Staying Sharp
Close Menu
Building Resilience in Difficult Times
Tips for Finding Your Calm
Weight Loss After 50 Challenge
Close Menu
Cautionary Tales of Today's Biggest Scams
7 Top Podcasts for Armchair Travelers
Jean Chatzky: ‘Closing the Savings Gap’
Close Menu
Quick Digest of Today's Top News
AARP Top Tips for Navigating Life
Get Moving With Our Workout Series
En español | Florida’s U.S. Senate race pits incumbent Republican Rick Scott against Democratic challenger Debbie Mucarsel-Powell. Scott, a former health care industry executive, was elected to the Senate in 2018, after serving as Florida’s governor. Mucarsel-Powell, whose family immigrated to the U.S. from Ecuador, served in the U.S. House from 2019 to 2021 after a career in academia and the nonprofit sector. AARP asked both candidates about issues important to older Floridians. Mucarsel-Powell answered some questions during a phone interview and others in writing; Scott submitted all answers in writing. Their responses have been edited for clarity and brevity. On Caregiving AARP studies show that 48 million family caregivers provide at least $600 billion in unpaid care a year, many helping their older loved ones continue to live independently. If elected, how would you support family caregivers, many of whom are juggling work and family? Mucarsel-Powell: This really hits home for me. My mother lives with me, so I’ve personally seen the burden and really the responsibility [of caregiving].... One of the things we can do is provide tax incentives to families that have to take care of an elderly parent.... We also need to provide better services and expand Medicaid ... So if the senior needs someone to come to their home to help them ... they should be able to receive that. Scott: I am honored to serve on the [Senate] Special Committee on Aging, where I fight to support Florida’s great seniors and their families. We must continue to bolster the health care workforce so American families have access to quality care for their aging family members. I was proud to support an amendment to the Supporting Older Americans Act [of 2020] that provides funding for programs like Meals on Wheels, senior centers and affordable housing for seniors. On Social Security Social Security is expected to see a shortfall in approximately 10 years. If Congress doesn’t act, millions of Americans who are counting on Social Security may see cuts to the money they’ve earned. If elected, how would you protect Social Security benefits for the future? Scott: Right now, Social Security is at risk because of decades of Washington’s reckless and wasteful spending. I introduced the Protect Our Seniors Act to protect vital programs like Social Security and Medicare from going insolvent. I am fighting to bolster Social Security and protect seniors from skyrocketing inflation we’ve seen by getting government spending under control and paying down our national debt. Mucarsel-Powell : I’ve had multiple conversations with people living in the state of Florida that asked me specifically to not raise the age [for full Social Security benefits].... What we cannot do is reduce the benefit, eliminate the benefit or privatize the benefit. On Medicare Medicare provides critical health coverage for older Americans. If elected, how would you protect Medicare from benefit cuts, and how can the program be improved? Mucarsel-Powell: One of the things I did in Congress is write a bill to expand Medicare coverage while we were going through the pandemic.... So not only do we need to protect it, but ... we need to expand the coverage we currently have.... We need to figure out ... [how to include basic] dental and optical [in Medicare]. Scott : I’m working to make sure we preserve and protect … Medicare and have proposals to do so, like my Protect Our Seniors Act . On Prescription Drug Prices Americans pay some of the highest prescription drug prices in the world. If elected, how will you lower prescription drug prices for all Americans? Scott : We need to address the soaring costs of prescription drugs right now. I introduced the American Drugs Act that would end our reliance on prescription drugs made in communist China and incentivize American manufacturers to make prescription drugs in the United States. This would bolster the American supply chain and allow manufacturers to produce prescription drugs cheaper here at home. Mucarsel-Powell: I will always stand up to drug companies and ensure that families in Florida ... can afford their prescription drugs. I support legislation like the Lowering Drug Costs for American Families Act, which expands the Inflation Reduction Act’s drug price negotiation program to all Americans ... and increases the annual number of prescription drugs selected for negotiation. On Retirement Savings Millions of American workers have no way to save for retirement through their employers. If elected, what steps would you take to help American workers save for their retirement? Scott: Americans are struggling to save for retirement thanks to skyrocketing inflation.... We need to get our spending under control and lower prices…. I’m fighting every day to lower costs …. And I’m working to make it harder for politicians to raise taxes so Americans can save more. Mucarsel-Powell: I would support legislation that requires employers that don’t offer traditional pensions to contribute to employee 401(k) accounts, with exemptions for small businesses that might not have the ability to cover such costs and stay afloat. On Quality of Life If elected, what will you do to improve the lives of older Americans and their families? Mucarsel-Powell: We all have to make sure that our seniors are treated with respect [and] have high-quality health care.... We need to protect Medicare and Social Security. We need to ensure Social Security payments [match] inflation. We need to expand Medicare coverage .... It’s a holistic approach. Scott: I will continue to push for meaningful legislation that will benefit Florida seniors, including the Protect our Seniors Act to protect Medicare and Social Security from going insolvent at the hands of Washington’s reckless spending; the Improving Seniors Timely Access to Care Act that establishes standards and requirements to help prevent unnecessary delays to critical care under Medicare Advantage [and] the Financial Exploitation Prevention Act to prevent American seniors from being exploited for financial gain. — Interviews by Drew Jubera Find more information on the candidates at rickscott.com and debbieforflorida.com . As a nonpartisan, nonprofit organization, AARP does not endorse candidates or make political donations. More on the 2024 Elections
This is a modal window.
Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.
End of dialog window.
This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button.
AARP is a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization that empowers people to choose how they live as they age.
About Us
Policy & Research
AARP In Your City
AARP En Español
AARP 樂齡會
AARP Foundation
Wish of a Lifetime
Senior Planet | OATS
AgeTech Collaborative™
Legal Counsel for the Elderly
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Manage Consent Preferences
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Cookies needed for the website to work. Examples include cookies that: Keep you logged in as you navigate different pages on our site. Remember items that you’ve added to a shopping cart for checkout. Maintain security of your data and protect it against unauthorized access. Allow us to preserve your selected privacy settings.
Performance Cookies
Cookies that collect information about a website visitor’s interaction with the site, including page load times, most visited pages, what visitors do on the site, and where visitors came from. The data gathered is aggregated and does not identify individual visitors. This data helps us to enhance the site, improve navigation, resolve technical issues, and reduce load times.
Functional Cookies
Cookies that enhance the functionality and personalization of our website. Examples include cookies that: Enable video playback, live chat, and other enhanced features. Help customize content based on your interests, including the types of articles and pages you prefer to browse. Store data about your past interactions with our site, such as log-in details from past sessions, to reduce the need for repetitive actions. Ensure a consistent experience when you come to the website at different times and on different devices by storing data about your past preferences and settings.
Targeting and Social Media
Cookies that gather information about your browsing habits such as what sites you visit, the content you view, and the links you click. This information is shared with third-party advertisers and social media platforms so advertisers and social media platforms can build a profile of your interests and behaviors. This data is used to personalize advertising, provide you more details on products, services or content that you previously viewed, and track ad performance (e.g., did you click on an ad, did you look at an ad and did you purchase something that was advertised).
Cookie List
Florida Senate Race: Candidates Rick Scott, Debbie Mucarsel-Powell Talk Social Security, Medicare and More
By Drew Jubera , October 01, 2024 12:00 AM
Start Your Medicare Journey With Our Medicare Enrollment Guide
Get Quick Medicare Answers With Our Medicare Q&A Tool
Watch Our Expert Answer Common Medicare Questions
Learn How AARP is Fighting for Better Medicare
