Rep. Burchett welcomes idea of Palestinians relocating to US, TN (February 6, 2025)
URL: https://www.wsmv.com/2025/02/06/rep-burchett-welcomes-idea-palestinians-relocating-us-tn/
Scraped on: 2025-04-15 14:13:12

Rep. Burchett welcomes idea of Palestinians relocating to US, TN “We already have Palestinians in America and some of them are the finest people that I know.” Congressman Tim Burchett (Tim Burchett) By Caleb Wethington Published: Feb. 6, 2025 at 2:35 PM EST Email This Link Share on Facebook Share on X (formerly Twitter) Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WSMV) - Tennessee Rep. Tim Burchett said that he would welcome Palestinians to the U.S. and Tennessee during an interview with CNN on Thursday morning. The interview came after President Donald Trump laid out a plan to resettle most of Gaza’s population in other countries and allow the U.S. to take the lead in clearing debris and rebuilding it. In the interview with CNN, Burchett was candid about not only welcoming Palestinians to the U.S. but also about having good relations with those who already reside in the Volunteer state. “We already have Palestinians in America and some of them are the finest people that I know. They live in Knoxville, Tennessee, and they’re wonderful Americans if they want to assimilate and become Americans, but if they don’t, they wanna bring terrorism and hatred and things like that in this country. I don’t think we should, but we have a pretty good record with Palestinians at least in Tennessee, so I welcome them,” he said. Related Coverage: Tennessee’s Tim Burchett says he’s joining DOGE government efficiency committee Burchett also added that the U.S. needs a legitimate “litmus test” for anyone coming into the country. “There’s a pretty good litmus test that they should follow, and unfortunately, we haven’t been doing that in the past. I mean, we have 14 million people in our country. We don’t know where they are. We have members of the Taliban. We have Chinese communist spies working out of the capitol. We’ve got these people all over the place. We need to provide a legitimate litmus test for those folks,” he said. Burchett was also adamant about not sending any U.S. military into Gaza. “I don’t want our military over there. I don’t want boots on the ground that gets our people killed, gets into another conflict which we don’t need to be in and we can’t afford. I think again if American entrepreneurs want to invest over there, I think it’s a great opportunity and I think you could turn that area around for those folks over there and get rid of some of their worthless leadership.” Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is set to meet with lawmakers at the White House on Thursday. Copyright 2025 WSMV. All rights reserved.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WSMV) - Tennessee Rep. Tim Burchett said that he would welcome Palestinians to the U.S. and Tennessee during an interview with CNN on Thursday morning.
The interview came after President Donald Trump laid out a plan to resettle most of Gaza’s population in other countries and allow the U.S. to take the lead in clearing debris and rebuilding it.
In the interview with CNN, Burchett was candid about not only welcoming Palestinians to the U.S. but also about having good relations with those who already reside in the Volunteer state.
“We already have Palestinians in America and some of them are the finest people that I know. They live in Knoxville, Tennessee, and they’re wonderful Americans if they want to assimilate and become Americans, but if they don’t, they wanna bring terrorism and hatred and things like that in this country. I don’t think we should, but we have a pretty good record with Palestinians at least in Tennessee, so I welcome them,” he said.
Burchett also added that the U.S. needs a legitimate “litmus test” for anyone coming into the country.
“There’s a pretty good litmus test that they should follow, and unfortunately, we haven’t been doing that in the past. I mean, we have 14 million people in our country. We don’t know where they are. We have members of the Taliban. We have Chinese communist spies working out of the capitol. We’ve got these people all over the place. We need to provide a legitimate litmus test for those folks,” he said.
Burchett was also adamant about not sending any U.S. military into Gaza.
“I don’t want our military over there. I don’t want boots on the ground that gets our people killed, gets into another conflict which we don’t need to be in and we can’t afford. I think again if American entrepreneurs want to invest over there, I think it’s a great opportunity and I think you could turn that area around for those folks over there and get rid of some of their worthless leadership.”
Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is set to meet with lawmakers at the White House on Thursday.
Copyright 2025 WSMV. All rights reserved.
Rep. Burchett welcomes idea of Palestinians relocating to US, TN
Most Read
Latest News
“We already have Palestinians in America and some of them are the finest people that I know.”
Related Coverage:
Classes relocated after employee found stabbed to death in Nashville elementary school parking lot
Ground stop lifted at BNA
Middle TN doctor ordered to pay nearly $20 million in health care fraud case
Mississippi Easter egg hunt ends in gunfire, church deacon killed, 3 others injured
Missing Putnam County woman found shot dead in Nashville
New details released in alleged murder-for-hire plot against former WSMV4 morning anchor
Estranged husband wanted after custodian found stabbed to death at Nashville elementary school
Loudon County responders find second missing teen’s body
Bill dismantling DEI in TN continues to move through legislature
Search underway for man who stole donation box at Nashville McDonald’s
Former TN officer, wife charged with child abuse
Bill could eliminate 80-plus blind-owned businesses in TN, committee says
Fisk University gymnast continues to make history
2 TN counties among the worst for deadly hit-and-run crashes, study says
Sips & Spirits Trail in Franklin to launch in May
Interstate crash causes backup in Spring Hill
