Republican Charlotte Bergmann announces campaign for Tennessee's 9th Congressional District (September 8, 2020)
URL: https://www.localmemphis.com/article/news/politics/republican-charlotte-bergmann-announces-campaign-for-tennessees-9th-congressional-district/522-01a63319-f8be-44d1-9399-853af055d767
Scraped on: 2025-04-15 13:22:08

Politics Republican Charlotte Bergmann announces campaign for Tennessee's 9th Congressional District Democratic Congressman Steve Cohen has held the seat for 13 years. Credit: Charlotte Bergmann Campaign Author: Bergmann Campaign News Release Published: 8:07 AM CDT September 8, 2020 Updated: 8:07 AM CDT September 8, 2020 MEMPHIS, Tenn. — Until now most political campaigns have been limited to small gatherings and a presence on social media. Charlotte Bergmann , Republican candidate for the 9th Congressional District, TN, announced that her campaign is going back to the more traditional methods of campaigning. “Now that Labor Day is over,” Bergmann said, “I believe people are seriously considering their choice for Congress. It is not just the Presidential campaigns that have already been in full swing for some time, but it’s the down ballot contests for US Senate and House of Representatives, and State Senate and Representatives. My campaign is committed to informing my constituents on all the issues. “My staff has been meeting weekly since last year. They have done their homework and now it’s time to implement our strategy. Volunteers wearing masks will soon be embarking on the precincts armed with campaign literature and to explain Why Charlotte is Better. “We have a big job on our hands to flip the TN-9 seat from a Democrat stronghold that is occupied by Steve Cohen to a positive and productive district through Charlotte Bergmann. “For thirteen years Cohen has been our Representative in Washington and has done little to help his constituents back home. I’ve asked him about improving Memphis and getting a handle on crime. His response has basically been, ‘I deal with Federal issues.’” Bergmann went on to say, “You cannot represent a district adequately in Congress in a vacuum and ignore the conditions on the ground. I know there are things a Congressman can bring to the table to fix many of the problems we have.” She maintains that Cohen has brought division by siding with the most extreme factions of his party. “He boycotted the Inauguration, he boycotted the State of the Union, and he embarrassed himself and the State of TN by bringing a bucket of fried chicken into the House Chamber to taunt the Attorney General when he appeared before a House Committee. Cohen is known as ‘Chicken Man’ now. We in Memphis deserve better than that!” Bergmann said. Besides door-to-door campaigning, Bergmann will appear at small gatherings throughout the district in order to tell her story. “I have lived the Memphis experience. I know what its like to be a single mom, to lose my job, and to be homeless. I have been there, done that, but I found the strength through God who led me out of depression and to found a successful business. I have experienced the violence of gangs in Memphis when my grandson was shot in the back and killed. I am championing for Law and Order and will go to Washington to get help for Memphis. “Don’t get me wrong,” Bergmann said. “We desperately need law and order and a strong police presence, but we also need justice. We hold police officers to a higher standard, put them in desperate situations, and then expect them to make appropriate and professional decisions at a moments notice. When police go over the line, yes, they must be held accountable. I stand for Law, Order, and Justice on all sides.” When asked why she thinks she can win against an entrenched incumbent and why an overwhelmingly Democrat district would elect her, she replied, “This election is not like any other. President Trump’s campaign continues to move up in the polls day-by-day. I am expecting to receive the down ballot votes from his momentum. In the past, this district voted straight Democrat and look what we got in return for our loyalty—gangs, crime, poverty, and violence. “Sometimes it’s smart to vote for someone other than the ‘entrenched incumbent’ who has brought no improvements to our communities. If you shopped at the same store who kept raising prices and giving bad service, wouldn’t you take your business elsewhere? Well, I am that Elsewhere!” Her campaign manager, Carol Scott, confirmed the increased activity on Bergmann’s behalf. She said, “You will soon see more Bergmann people on the streets, more signs, and more advertising. We’re going to flip this seat!" According to a campaign spokesman, Lee Buchschacher, “Volunteers, real people, will be calling voters to talk person-to-person, no robo calls. We will also be sending out mailings along with radio, television and billboard ads. Our campaign is on target for the next two months.” Close Ad
MEMPHIS, Tenn. — Until now most political campaigns have been limited to small gatherings and a presence on social media. Charlotte Bergmann , Republican candidate for the 9th Congressional District, TN, announced that her campaign is going back to the more traditional methods of campaigning.
“Now that Labor Day is over,” Bergmann said, “I believe people are seriously considering their choice for Congress. It is not just the Presidential campaigns that have already been in full swing for some time, but it’s the down ballot contests for US Senate and House of Representatives, and State Senate and Representatives. My campaign is committed to informing my constituents on all the issues.
“My staff has been meeting weekly since last year. They have done their homework and now it’s time to implement our strategy. Volunteers wearing masks will soon be embarking on the precincts armed with campaign literature and to explain Why Charlotte is Better.
“We have a big job on our hands to flip the TN-9 seat from a Democrat stronghold that is occupied by Steve Cohen to a positive and productive district through Charlotte Bergmann.
“For thirteen years Cohen has been our Representative in Washington and has done little to help his constituents back home. I’ve asked him about improving Memphis and getting a handle on crime. His response has basically been, ‘I deal with Federal issues.’”
Bergmann went on to say, “You cannot represent a district adequately in Congress in a vacuum and ignore the conditions on the ground. I know there are things a Congressman can bring to the table to fix many of the problems we have.”
She maintains that Cohen has brought division by siding with the most extreme factions of his party. “He boycotted the Inauguration, he boycotted the State of the Union, and he embarrassed himself and the State of TN by bringing a bucket of fried chicken into the House Chamber to taunt the Attorney General when he appeared before a House Committee. Cohen is known as ‘Chicken Man’ now. We in Memphis deserve better than that!” Bergmann said.
Besides door-to-door campaigning, Bergmann will appear at small gatherings throughout the district in order to tell her story. “I have lived the Memphis experience. I know what its like to be a single mom, to lose my job, and to be homeless. I have been there, done that, but I found the strength through God who led me out of depression and to found a successful business. I have experienced the violence of gangs in Memphis when my grandson was shot in the back and killed. I am championing for Law and Order and will go to Washington to get help for Memphis.
“Don’t get me wrong,” Bergmann said. “We desperately need law and order and a strong police presence, but we also need justice. We hold police officers to a higher standard, put them in desperate situations, and then expect them to make appropriate and professional decisions at a moments notice. When police go over the line, yes, they must be held accountable. I stand for Law, Order, and Justice on all sides.”
When asked why she thinks she can win against an entrenched incumbent and why an overwhelmingly Democrat district would elect her, she replied, “This election is not like any other. President Trump’s campaign continues to move up in the polls day-by-day. I am expecting to receive the down ballot votes from his momentum. In the past, this district voted straight Democrat and look what we got in return for our loyalty—gangs, crime, poverty, and violence.
“Sometimes it’s smart to vote for someone other than the ‘entrenched incumbent’ who has brought no improvements to our communities. If you shopped at the same store who kept raising prices and giving bad service, wouldn’t you take your business elsewhere? Well, I am that Elsewhere!”
Her campaign manager, Carol Scott, confirmed the increased activity on Bergmann’s behalf. She said, “You will soon see more Bergmann people on the streets, more signs, and more advertising. We’re going to flip this seat!"
According to a campaign spokesman, Lee Buchschacher, “Volunteers, real people, will be calling voters to talk person-to-person, no robo calls. We will also be sending out mailings along with radio, television and billboard ads. Our campaign is on target for the next two months.”
To stream ABC24 on your phone, you need the ABC24 app.
Next up in 5
Matthew Robertson FINALLY debuts for the Rangers!! Young players play big role in comeback win!
Next up in 5
Matthew Robertson FINALLY debuts for the Rangers!! Young players play big role in comeback win!
The Perfect Minnesota Vikings Draft Pick Nobody Is Talking About
Arizona Basketball And NIL
Penguins Captain Sidney Crosby still has the respect of the league
The Marlins Have Tough Test This Week Against Two of NL's Best Teams
In Other News
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Clear Filters
All Consent Allowed
Republican Charlotte Bergmann announces campaign for Tennessee's 9th Congressional District
Download the ABC24 app
Before You Leave, Check This Out
‘Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information’ Notice
Manage Consent Preferences
Performance Cookies
Memphis Police seek public's help in identifying suspects in deadly Tom Lee Park shooting
Republican backed bill to create $200M Hurricane Helene recovery fund makes its way through TN General Assembly
Mostly dry through the week, chances for storms by the weekend
Join the ABC24 Weather Watchers!
2026 Olympics: Sleek, metallic design for Winter Games torches revealed
Fans invited to participate in Grizz Week as play-in tournament and playoffs loom
More Videos
Protesters rallied in Memphis in support of 'Hands Off' Movement
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Sale of Personal Data
Targeting Cookies
Performance Cookies
