Bergman announces candidacy for 6th Congressional District (April 22, 2024)
URL: https://mainstreetmediatn.com/articles/gallatinnews/bergman-announces-candidacy-for-6th-congressional-district/
Scraped on: 2025-04-15 14:03:15

Tuesday, April 15, 2025
Disability and elderly advocate Lore Bergman is a candidate for Tennessee’s 6 th Congressional District, which is located in north-central Tennessee and borders Kentucky to the north.
“As a disabled person, I have spent much of my life navigating the complicated world of social security, disability, public housing and all other assistance programs, only to realize that much about these resources need to be improved,” Bergman said. “The system, which should be designed to help those in need, can often frustrate users to the point of hopelessness and despair, some even becoming homeless in the process. This must change.”
Bergman said that seeing how elderly and disabled people are mistreated by the system inspired her to act. She became a housing activist, fighting for change in her own apartment building, and was pushed out because of it, to become homeless herself for a short period.
Her advocacy for change to a dangerous situation, put Bergman on the line to help others. She will continue to speak out for others and put herself on the line, when needed. The disabled are underrepresented in the US Congress, and this is one of the many reasons she is running for US House.
Bergman would like to see everyone treat others as they would like to be treated. As such, Bergman has made “Love Thy Neighbor” a focal point of her campaign.
“Love thy Neighbor” is what I believe is the most important principle that all Americans should live by,” she said. “Just think how peaceful and wonderful the world would be if we just followed that simple principle first.”
“I am appalled how LGBTQ+, minorities and immigrants have been treated,” she continued. “And without control of our own reproductive rights, us women are now merely baby-making machines and are not even considered as important or equal to an unborn child or considered a free citizen. These things must change.”
In addition to these issues, if elected to Congress, Bergman will focus on bringing jobs and affordable housing to her district as she fights for common-sense gun reform and reproductive rights. As a first generation American, Bergman will push for cruelty free immigration and border policy reforms and improvements. She will vote to support all Democracies around the world, while making sure the innocent caught in the crossfires are protected and cared for.
Bergman has resided in the 6 th Congressional District for more than seven years and has lived in the Nashville area for the last 20 years. She has a Bachelor of Science degree in Bible and Fine Arts from Pillsbury Bible Baptist College.
February 9, 2025
A Celebration of Life for Sherry Mitchell, the former editor of Main Street Media publications in Sumner County, is scheduled for Saturday, March 1 at 1 p.m. at Good Shepherd United Methodist Church, 525 New ...
MARY HANCE | April 9, 2025
MARY HANCE | April 2, 2025
Enter your e-mail address below to join our mailing list and receive our weekly newsletter directly in your inbox!
Our Hometown DMCA Notices Newspaper website content management software and services
Bergman announces candidacy for 6th Congressional District
Latest Editions
The Highlight
Ms. Cheap
Mitchell service
Ms. Cheap: McKay’s updates its Nashville megastore
Ms. Cheap: Six free (and fun) events for families to do in April
