Opinion: Meet Lore Bergman, Democratic nominee for Tennessee U.S. House, District 6 (October 15, 2024)
URL: https://www.tennessean.com/story/opinion/2024/10/15/lore-bergman-tennessee-congressional-district-6-democrat/75689300007/
Scraped on: 2025-04-15 14:03:01

Opinion: Meet Lore Bergman, Democratic nominee for Tennessee U.S. House, District 6
Portrait of David Plazas David Plazas
Nashville Tennessean


0:02
/
0:15
Editor's note: The Tennessean Editorial Board invited candidates for the 2024 congressional elections to fill out our questionnaire. They include biographical information and answers to 11 questions on variety of topics from key policy issues to their recommendation for visitors on what to see or do in their congressional districts. While not all candidates filled out the 2024 form, find the links to all the Middle Tennessee Democratic and Republican candidate Q&As here.

Key dates:

Oct. 7: Voter registration deadline
Oct. 16-31: Early voting
Oct. 29: Deadline to request absentee ballot
Nov. 5: General election
Biographical Information

Name: Lore Bergman
Which office are you seeking? U.S. House District 6
Age at the time of election: It is not nice to ask a woman this! lol!! And because ageism has gotten even worse in this country lately, I won't answer!
What city/town in Tennessee do you live in? Hendersonville
Education: B.S. Fine Art and Bible, and working on a communication degree.
Job history: I have done many things: waitressing/food service, caregiving, retail sales (cars, shoes), secretarial, teaching, acting, modeling, camp counselor and more. I am a very average disabled American.
Family: I am a single dog lady with no children but would love to adopt and/or foster.
Need a break? Play the USA TODAY Daily Crossword Puzzle.
Broderick's opponent, Republican incumbent U.S. Rep. John Rose also filled out the questionnaire and readers can find his answers here.

Lore Bergman
11 questions for the candidates

Why are you running for this office?

John Rose needs a woman running against him and a woman to defeat him! Also, when I hear rich congressman like John Rose say how they're going to balance the government budget, by cutting all the programs that the disabled, elderly and poor need in this country and especially in our state, it infuriates me. Tennessee is one of the poorest states in the country and he does not understand who he represents because he is rich. He's never even probably missed a meal in his whole life. I am disabled and I've had to use all the programs that he wants to cut. I have lived below the poverty line for many years on disability, and he does not get how anything works or how it can be improved or changed. I do. I've had to live it, and I get it! Website: https://www.lorebergman.org

What makes you qualified to hold this office and better qualified than your opponent(s)?

My best qualification is that I am a regular American who has struggled, who has lived below the poverty line, who has been sick and has no connections in politics. I will fight for the people and not for my own interests. Because of all that and an understanding as to how many programs and policies in our country work and because I have had to use them, I feel I am a much better qualified candidate than my opponent. I have great empathy and compassion because of what I've been through in my life. My opponent is a rich politician who didn't have anything else to do, so thought he would run for office and now is working to make the rich, richer and the poor, poorer. It is evident by how he votes on every bill and what kind of bills he writes.

If you are elected (or re-elected), what are your top 2 to 3 priorities for your new (or next) term in office?

Save and expand all programs, like Social Security, Medicare and SNAP. Reinstate Roe v. Wade, so women can once again decide what they want to do about their own reproductive health issues. Ban assault weapons again and permanently and get stricter gun reforms passed.

What are you hearing most from voters about what they want you to accomplish, if elected?

Same as above.

Sign up for the Tennessee Voices newsletter showcasing opinion across the Volunteer State
Sign up for the Black Tennessee Voices newsletter
Sign up for the Latino Tennessee Voices newsletter
Submitting a letter to the editor or op-ed
Are you satisfied with the direction of the country? Explain why.

Yes, I think Joe has done a lot of great things. I think the pandemic really did a lot of damage and changes to the whole world, but we are doing great and we're on the right track! We are a big country with many issues, and we still have much to do. But I feel we have made many strides and as long as Kamala Harris gets elected president, I think we can keep going forward and not backwards!


What is your assessment of the performance of the President Joe Biden over the last four years?

I love Joe and I think he's done a lot! I wish Democrats had control of the House of Representatives. I feel like we could have gotten so much done for women's rights, voting rights, campaign finance reform, etc. I know when Kamala Harris wins, she will continue with many of his policies.

Get the Tennessee Voices newsletter in your inbox.
Read thoughtful news and opinions from around Tennessee.

Delivery: Thurs

Your Email
How should the U.S. approach foreign policy goals as it pertains to regions, nations and conflicts such as China, Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war?

We need to be tougher on China when they play dirty. Unfortunately, we are so entangled with them right now, that it's going to be very hard to remove our presence from that country, but I think eventually is going to have to happen. As far as Ukraine goes, we and NATO need to help them for as long as they need, because they are the gatekeepers to World War III. If Putin gets Ukraine, he will just keep going just like Hitler did and I wish people would read their history books and understand why we need to keep helping them. As far as the Israeli-Hamas war we must help get rid of Hamas but in saying that Israel needs to stop harming the Palestinian regular people. A ceasefire and releasing the hostages would be best but when dealing with terrorists you cannot make them do anything. Israel and Gaza do not belong to the United States. We only have so much power in this situation, and I wish people would understand that also! But I do believe Israel needed to go to a Plan B a long time ago,


Americans in recent polling say immigration is one of the top issues, if not the most important issue, facing the U.S. What should Congress do to address the immigration and border security?

First of all, I don't believe immigration is the top issue for most Americans right now. I talk to so many people and I've only had a couple of people even mention immigration. People are more worried about their Social Security and their health insurance and being able to eat and pay their ridiculously expensive rents, that have doubled and tripled here in Tennessee in just the last few years. But I think that Congress probably had a good partisan bill a few months ago, and Trump stopped it, didn't he? So, we need to take that bill out again when Kamala gets in the White House, and we need to see if that one will work or maybe we can even make one better. The border has not been addressed for 30 years. Whatever we do, it must be cruelty free.

What else do you want voters to know about you that will help them make an informed decision on Election Day?


That I became homeless fighting a landlord who was harming the disabled and elderly. I tried to get the issue fixed and the landlord retaliated against me, pushed me out and within less than a year I was living in my car. So, if you don't think I would put myself on the line for you, well I already have, and I will do it again if I need to. Believe me, John Rose would never give up even one of his many properties in order to help the Tennessee people.

A "fun" question: When visitors ask you, "What should I do in Tennessee or your specific community?" what are the top 2 or 3 things or places you recommend?

Traveling back and forth through District 6 has shown me just how beautiful Tennessee is. So, I would say go to some of our state parks, they are magnificent. And another reason to vote for Kamala, because Trump wants to make it so people can drill and frack in our beautiful parks. Another really great place is Granville in Smith County. They have the I Love Lucy and Andy Griffith Museum and festival. It's a hoot. They also have many other types of festivals and a really large one in October. And I'd say Dollywood, I've never been there actually but I would love to go, it looks fabulous, and everyone just raves about it!


Will you commit to being civil in how you present yourself and the way you interact with opponents and others? (Our definition of civility is being a good, active, honest and respectable citizen)

Yes
