Interview with Nevada Sen. Jacky Rosen on Trump assassination attempt, Biden as nominee (July 15, 2024)
URL: https://mynews4.com/news/local/interview-with-nevada-sen-jacky-rosen-on-trump-assassination-attempt-biden-as-nominee
Scraped on: 2025-04-15 13:50:48

Easter spending in Nevada to hit $382 million, says retail group
Reno shopping center closed as police search for burglary suspect
Bill expanding voting access and updating election procedures in Nevada advances
Federal government freezes $2.2 billion in funding to Harvard
Border encounters continue to slide as White House continues push to increase deportations
Palestinian student activist detained by ICE before US citizenship interview
Ask Joe: USDA cuts ties with Uprise, pulls $27 million in federal funding
News 4 story prompts lawmakers to step in after raw sewage spill goes unreported in river
Deadly crash on US-50 in Tahoe spurs debate over median barrier necessity
by Ben Margiott
RENO, Nev. (News 4 & Fox 11) — In her first on-camera interview since the attempted assassination of former President Donald Trump, Nevada Senator Jacky Rosen condemned political violence and reiterated her call for an investigation into the matter.
Rosen, a vulnerable Democrat up for re-election in 2024, said her thoughts and prayers are with Trump and his loved ones. The comments came after a roundtable Monday morning at UNR about the lithium loop tech hub.
"Political violence — this has no place in our discourse. The First Amendment, our democracy, it's great. People disagree. We should be talking civilly to each other. Violence has no place anywhere, no matter where it comes from, and I can't condemn it strongly enough. This is so wrong," Rosen said when asked her reaction to the shooting.
Rosen sits on the Senate Committee on Homeland Security & Governmental Affairs and has asked for an investigation. She told News 4-Fox 11 a hearing hasn't been scheduling yet.
When asked if President Joe Biden should be the Democratic nominee after the national conversation about his fitness for office, Rosen said 'he's the nominee and he's running' and then pivoted to speak about accomplishments, including infrastructure investments.
Rosen, who has tried to tout her bipartisan credentials and has hardly mentioned President Biden in her re-election campaign, did not mention Biden by name in her comments Monday.
"He's the nominee and he's running. And just look at what we've accomplished over the last few years. I don't have to talk to you about infrastructure, because we know that we're building out our state broadband, airports, roads, bridges. Just look at the airport here and all the new investments in Southern Nevada. We're bringing the Brightline train. Oh, we're also getting a new VA hospital, 50 acre site being selected now. And today we're here to talk about the tech hub. This is a huge investment in our future in our energy economy and in Nevada. And so we're going to talk about our accomplishments. As I go around the state. We're going to continue to see what we have to do to lower. Costs and increase opportunities for all Nevada families. That's what I've been doing. That's what I'm going to keep doing, and that's what we're working on," she said.
GOP nominee Sam Brown has criticized Rosen for her endorsement.
"President Joe Biden is not physically fit to lead the United States," Brown said in a statement released last week. "Supporting his re-election prioritizes partisan politics over Americans' needs, worsening issues like the high cost of living, failed border policies, and attacks on businesses. Senator Jacky Rosen supports Biden despite these failures, showing weak leadership. We must retire her in November and bring in leaders who can fix the current political disaster."
Email reporter Ben Margiott at bjmargiott@sbgtv.com. Follow @BenMargiott on X and Ben Margiott KRNV on Facebook.
On Your Side
Interview with Nevada Sen. Jacky Rosen on Trump assassination attempt, Biden as nominee
On Your Side
Game Center
Chime In
About Us
News In Photos: "Local"
