Nevada 2024 Senate Race: Rosen, Brown Talk Social Security, Medicare and More (October 1, 2024)
URL: https://states.aarp.org/nevada/rosen-brown-senate-2024-q-and-a
Scraped on: 2025-04-15 13:50:59

En español | On Tuesday, Nov. 5, voters will choose between Sen. Jacky Rosen (D) and Republican challenger Sam Brown in a race that could decide control of the U.S. Senate. Rosen is seeking a second term after winning in 2018 by unseating a Republican incumbent. Brown, a medically retired Army veteran, launched a business to help veterans get emergency access to medications. AARP asked candidates about issues important to older voters. Both candidates participated in phone interviews during the summer. Interviews have been edited for clarity and space. On Caregiving AARP studies show 48 million family caregivers provide $600 billion in unpaid care a year, many helping their older loved ones continue to live independently. If elected (or reelected), how would you support family caregivers, many of whom are juggling work and family? BROWN: We need to make caregiving easier for people to be able to do, and one of the things that we can do is to ensure that we’re giving people tax credits on costs that they have in terms of their caregiver costs and the costs for long-term expenses. We can create those tax credits, but ... we’ve got to make it easier for people to be able to access these programs.... Another thing we can do is look at allowing caregivers to be able to use their own health savings accounts to cover medical expenses for family members that they’re taking care of. ROSEN: I stepped away from my career in order to take care of my parents and in-laws.... So I understand firsthand what it’s like to take care of a family member.... It’s one of the reasons why I started the Comprehensive Care Caucus when I came to the Senate, so we could talk about palliative care — the kind of care that people need when they’re aging or have chronic or terminal disease.... One of the biggest challenges people have, really, is the high cost.... And so we [introduced] that Lowering Costs for Caregivers Act [of 2023]. That’s one way we can allow individuals to use their health savings accounts. On Social Security Social Security is expected to see a shortfall in approximately 10 years. If Congress doesn’t act, millions of Americans who are counting on Social Security may see cuts to the money they’ve earned. If elected (or reelected), how would you protect Social Security benefits for the future? ROSEN: It’s a vital program for our seniors. Allowing it to go insolvent is absolutely unacceptable.... This is a promise that we made to you as you paid into that, and it’s critical that we keep our promise to return those benefits that you have earned. One big way that we can start solving the problem is really making the ultra-wealthy and those giant corporations pay their fair share. That is what will go a long way to helping close that shortfall.... I’m going to continue to find every way we can to deliver on the promise. BROWN: Cuts to Social Security benefits are unacceptable, and I would not do anything to eliminate people’s Social Security benefits. I believe that we need to strengthen Social Security benefits, and one of the ways that we can do that is making sure that people are not paying a tax on their Social Security.... It’s already been taxed. It should not be taxed again.... The way that we ultimately protect the overall program is by ensuring that our economy is strong.... Our government’s tax revenues will increase ... and shore up the projected shortfall that we have in the next decade. On Medicare Medicare provides critical health coverage for older Americans. If elected (or reelected), how will you protect Medicare from benefit cuts, and how can the program be improved? BROWN: Medicare doesn’t just protect older Americans. I have actually been the recipient of Medicare health benefits as well.... It is something that I care a great deal about and want to ensure that in the same way Medicare was there for me, it continues to be there for those who’ve earned those health care coverage benefits, and that it’s not weakened. Let me just be clear: I won’t do anything to eliminate people’s access to Medicare. ROSEN: We need to be sure that our seniors have good health coverage and that the program remains protected, and it has to be strengthened.... We need to be sure that we invest in our health care workforce so we have the people to take care of our seniors, and we need to be sure that we continue to work on negotiating those prices for lifesaving medications and reducing them. On Retirement Savings Millions of American workers have no way to save for retirement through their employers. If elected (or reelected), what steps would you take to help American workers save for their retirement? ROSEN: One of the things we can do is we can work on legislation, like the legislation I’ve introduced — it’s bipartisan — to help small businesses offer more comprehensive retirement packages to their employees, making sure that we re-incentivize that.... We can talk about our veterans — making our military retirement pay tax free.... Our seniors, they’ve just worked their whole lives, took care of us. We need to be sure that they live comfortably long after they retire. So we’re going to continue to look at more programs that we can do like this, make sure ... people will have a retirement. No one falls through the cracks. BROWN: There’s a couple of things that really hurt people, and they frankly hurt some of the businesses ... and that’s regulations and taxes. If we pursue a policy of reducing unnecessary regulations and we extend the tax cuts that President Trump introduced that are set to expire in 2025, that will allow employers — and also just individual kind of contractors, people who work on 1099s — to be able to save more. We shouldn’t be putting a limit on what people save if they’re having a good year or a good season in life and they want to put more into their IRAs.... We can also incentivize employers to encourage preferred savings plans. —Interviews by Julie Rasicot Candidate information at rosenfornevada.com and captainsambrown.com . As a nonpartisan, nonprofit organization, AARP does not endorse candidates or make political donations. More on the 2024 Elections How to Vote in Nevada's 2024 Elections Older Voters Will Decide the 2024 Elections 8 Things to Know About Election Disinformation in the Age of AI Need to Vote Early? — AARP If you’re concerned you’ll be unable to vote in person in November, casting your vote early could be an option. Here are some terms you need to know if you can’t make it to the polls in person. For more information go to aarp.org/vote. Video Player is loading. Play Video Play Mute Current Time 0:00 / Duration 0:00 Loaded : 0% 0:00 Stream Type LIVE Seek to live, currently behind live LIVE Remaining Time - 0:00 1x Playback Rate Chapters Chapters Descriptions descriptions off , selected Captions captions settings , opens captions settings dialog captions off , selected English Captions Audio Track Fullscreen This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. Text Color White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Transparent Semi-Transparent Opaque Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Proportional Sans-Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Serif Casual Script Small Caps Reset restore all settings to the default values Done Close Modal Dialog End of dialog window. Close Modal Dialog This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button. Play Mute Current Time 0:00 / Duration 0:00 Loaded : 0% Stream Type LIVE Seek to live, currently playing live LIVE Remaining Time - 0:00 1x Playback Rate Fullscreen Need to Vote Early? — AARP Topics senate 2024 elections vote About AARP Nevada AARP Nevada staff and volunteers help more than 345,000 Silver State members live their best lives. We offer news, information and resources on the issues that matter most to you. Please stay in touch!  Here's how to contact us: AARP Nevada - 5820 S. Eastern Avenue #190, Las Vegas, NV 89119 Call: 866-389-5652 Email: aarpnv@aarp.org Stay up-to-date on important news and events!  "Like" us on Facebook , follow us on Twitter , follow us on Instagram and check out our YouTube channel. Please be aware that AARP Nevada staff members serve the entire state and are often working in the community.  To ensure we can best serve your specific needs, please call 866-389-5652 in advance of your visit to make an appointment with the appropriate staffer. The AARP Foundation WorkSearch/Senior Community Service Employment Program (SCSEP) operates from separate locations in southern and northern Nevada.  For information about this program, please contact 702-648-3356  (Las Vegas) or 775-323-2243 (Reno) Members of the press only:  Media inquiries should be directed to Erin Neff, (702) 938-3237 / eneff@aarp.org
Rolling Stones Presale
Car rental
AARP daily Crossword Puzzle
Hotels with AARP discounts
Life Insurance
AARP MEMBERSHIP
AARP Membership — $15 for your first year when you sign up for Automatic Renewal
Get instant access to members-only products, hundreds of discounts, a free second membership, and a subscription to AARP the Magazine.
AARP en Español
Close Menu
Healthy Living
Conditions & Treatments
Drugs & Supplements
Health Care & Coverage
Health Benefits
AARP Eye Center
Tips to Protect Your Eyesight
AARP Hearing Center
Ways To Improve Your Hearing
Mental Health Resources
Coping with Depression and Anxiety
AARP Smart Guide
Prepare for a Good Night's Sleep
Close Menu
Scams & Fraud
Personal Finance
Money Benefits
Scams & Fraud
View and Report Scams in Your Area
Take the Charitable Giving Quiz
AARP Money Map
Get Your Finances Back on Track
Budget & Savings
Make Your Appliances Last Longer
Work & Jobs
Close Menu
Job Search
Small Business
Age Discrimination
Flexible Work
Freelance Jobs You Can Do From Home
AARP Skills Builder
Online Courses to Boost Your Career
31 Great Ways to Boost Your Career
ON-DEMAND WEBINARS
Tips to Enhance Your Job Search
Close Menu
Drug Prices
Saving You RX Dollars
Social Security
Fighting to Protect Social Security
Medicare & Medicaid
Advocating for Strong Programs
Supporting Family Caregivers
Social Security
Close Menu
Get More out of Your Benefits
When to Start Taking Social Security
10 Top Social Security FAQs
Social Security Benefits Calculator
Close Menu
Close Menu
Care at Home
Financial & Legal
Life Balance
LONG-TERM CARE
​Understanding Basics of LTC Insurance​
State Guides
Assistance and Services in Your Area
Prepare to Care Guides
How to Develop a Caregiving Plan
Care at Home
How to Find the Right Caregiver
Close Menu
Recently Played
Word & Trivia
Atari® & Retro
Members Only
Staying Sharp
New Games
Game Shows
More About Games
Right Again! Trivia
Right Again! Trivia – Sports
Atari® Video Games
Throwback Thursday Crossword
Close Menu
Travel Tips
Vacation Ideas
Travel Benefits
Real ID Guide
ID Goes into Effect on May 7
Affordable U.S. Destinations
Stretch Your Travel Dollars
Spring Travel
Scenic Road Trips
Vacation Lodging
40 Tips to Make Most of Stay
Entertainment & Style
Close Menu
Beauty & Style
Editors' Picks
Best New Shows and Movies
The Weekly Read
Hot New Book Releases
Free Online Novel
Read 'Midnight at the Blackbird Café'
Family & Relationships
Close Menu
Sex & Intimacy
Make Your Bedroom More Romantic
4 Ways to Connect With Grandchildren
Making Lasting Memories With Mom
Personal Tech
Close Menu
Store Medical Records on Your Phone?
Tech Tips
Maximize the Life of Your Phone Battery
Virtual Community Center
Join Free Tech Help Events
Home & Living
Close Menu
Your Home
​10 Things to Clean in 10 Minutes
Home Improvement
​Your Home Checklist for Aging in Place
AARP Smart Guide
38 Ways to Boost Home's Curb Appeal
Close Menu
Car Buying
Driver Safety
Maintenance & Safety
Trends & Technology
Car Buying
Is Now the Time to Buy an Electric Car?
We Need To Talk
Assess Your Loved One's Driving Skills
Driver Safety
AARP Smart Driver Course
Staying Sharp
Close Menu
Building Resilience in Difficult Times
Tips for Finding Your Calm
Weight Loss After 50 Challenge
Close Menu
Cautionary Tales of Today's Biggest Scams
7 Top Podcasts for Armchair Travelers
Jean Chatzky: ‘Closing the Savings Gap’
Close Menu
Quick Digest of Today's Top News
AARP Top Tips for Navigating Life
Get Moving With Our Workout Series
En español | On Tuesday, Nov. 5, voters will choose between Sen. Jacky Rosen (D) and Republican challenger Sam Brown in a race that could decide control of the U.S. Senate. Rosen is seeking a second term after winning in 2018 by unseating a Republican incumbent. Brown, a medically retired Army veteran, launched a business to help veterans get emergency access to medications. AARP asked candidates about issues important to older voters. Both candidates participated in phone interviews during the summer. Interviews have been edited for clarity and space. On Caregiving AARP studies show 48 million family caregivers provide $600 billion in unpaid care a year, many helping their older loved ones continue to live independently. If elected (or reelected), how would you support family caregivers, many of whom are juggling work and family? BROWN: We need to make caregiving easier for people to be able to do, and one of the things that we can do is to ensure that we’re giving people tax credits on costs that they have in terms of their caregiver costs and the costs for long-term expenses. We can create those tax credits, but ... we’ve got to make it easier for people to be able to access these programs.... Another thing we can do is look at allowing caregivers to be able to use their own health savings accounts to cover medical expenses for family members that they’re taking care of. ROSEN: I stepped away from my career in order to take care of my parents and in-laws.... So I understand firsthand what it’s like to take care of a family member.... It’s one of the reasons why I started the Comprehensive Care Caucus when I came to the Senate, so we could talk about palliative care — the kind of care that people need when they’re aging or have chronic or terminal disease.... One of the biggest challenges people have, really, is the high cost.... And so we [introduced] that Lowering Costs for Caregivers Act [of 2023]. That’s one way we can allow individuals to use their health savings accounts. On Social Security Social Security is expected to see a shortfall in approximately 10 years. If Congress doesn’t act, millions of Americans who are counting on Social Security may see cuts to the money they’ve earned. If elected (or reelected), how would you protect Social Security benefits for the future? ROSEN: It’s a vital program for our seniors. Allowing it to go insolvent is absolutely unacceptable.... This is a promise that we made to you as you paid into that, and it’s critical that we keep our promise to return those benefits that you have earned. One big way that we can start solving the problem is really making the ultra-wealthy and those giant corporations pay their fair share. That is what will go a long way to helping close that shortfall.... I’m going to continue to find every way we can to deliver on the promise. BROWN: Cuts to Social Security benefits are unacceptable, and I would not do anything to eliminate people’s Social Security benefits. I believe that we need to strengthen Social Security benefits, and one of the ways that we can do that is making sure that people are not paying a tax on their Social Security.... It’s already been taxed. It should not be taxed again.... The way that we ultimately protect the overall program is by ensuring that our economy is strong.... Our government’s tax revenues will increase ... and shore up the projected shortfall that we have in the next decade. On Medicare Medicare provides critical health coverage for older Americans. If elected (or reelected), how will you protect Medicare from benefit cuts, and how can the program be improved? BROWN: Medicare doesn’t just protect older Americans. I have actually been the recipient of Medicare health benefits as well.... It is something that I care a great deal about and want to ensure that in the same way Medicare was there for me, it continues to be there for those who’ve earned those health care coverage benefits, and that it’s not weakened. Let me just be clear: I won’t do anything to eliminate people’s access to Medicare. ROSEN: We need to be sure that our seniors have good health coverage and that the program remains protected, and it has to be strengthened.... We need to be sure that we invest in our health care workforce so we have the people to take care of our seniors, and we need to be sure that we continue to work on negotiating those prices for lifesaving medications and reducing them. On Retirement Savings Millions of American workers have no way to save for retirement through their employers. If elected (or reelected), what steps would you take to help American workers save for their retirement? ROSEN: One of the things we can do is we can work on legislation, like the legislation I’ve introduced — it’s bipartisan — to help small businesses offer more comprehensive retirement packages to their employees, making sure that we re-incentivize that.... We can talk about our veterans — making our military retirement pay tax free.... Our seniors, they’ve just worked their whole lives, took care of us. We need to be sure that they live comfortably long after they retire. So we’re going to continue to look at more programs that we can do like this, make sure ... people will have a retirement. No one falls through the cracks. BROWN: There’s a couple of things that really hurt people, and they frankly hurt some of the businesses ... and that’s regulations and taxes. If we pursue a policy of reducing unnecessary regulations and we extend the tax cuts that President Trump introduced that are set to expire in 2025, that will allow employers — and also just individual kind of contractors, people who work on 1099s — to be able to save more. We shouldn’t be putting a limit on what people save if they’re having a good year or a good season in life and they want to put more into their IRAs.... We can also incentivize employers to encourage preferred savings plans. —Interviews by Julie Rasicot Candidate information at rosenfornevada.com and captainsambrown.com . As a nonpartisan, nonprofit organization, AARP does not endorse candidates or make political donations. More on the 2024 Elections
This is a modal window.
Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.
End of dialog window.
This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button.
AARP is a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization that empowers people to choose how they live as they age.
About Us
Policy & Research
AARP In Your City
AARP En Español
AARP 樂齡會
AARP Foundation
Wish of a Lifetime
Senior Planet | OATS
AgeTech Collaborative™
Legal Counsel for the Elderly
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Manage Consent Preferences
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Cookies needed for the website to work. Examples include cookies that: Keep you logged in as you navigate different pages on our site. Remember items that you’ve added to a shopping cart for checkout. Maintain security of your data and protect it against unauthorized access. Allow us to preserve your selected privacy settings.
Performance Cookies
Cookies that collect information about a website visitor’s interaction with the site, including page load times, most visited pages, what visitors do on the site, and where visitors came from. The data gathered is aggregated and does not identify individual visitors. This data helps us to enhance the site, improve navigation, resolve technical issues, and reduce load times.
Functional Cookies
Cookies that enhance the functionality and personalization of our website. Examples include cookies that: Enable video playback, live chat, and other enhanced features. Help customize content based on your interests, including the types of articles and pages you prefer to browse. Store data about your past interactions with our site, such as log-in details from past sessions, to reduce the need for repetitive actions. Ensure a consistent experience when you come to the website at different times and on different devices by storing data about your past preferences and settings.
Targeting and Social Media
Cookies that gather information about your browsing habits such as what sites you visit, the content you view, and the links you click. This information is shared with third-party advertisers and social media platforms so advertisers and social media platforms can build a profile of your interests and behaviors. This data is used to personalize advertising, provide you more details on products, services or content that you previously viewed, and track ad performance (e.g., did you click on an ad, did you look at an ad and did you purchase something that was advertised).
Cookie List
Nevada 2024 Senate Race: Rosen, Brown Talk Social Security, Medicare and More
By Julie Rasicot , October 01, 2024 12:00 AM
Start Your Medicare Journey With Our Medicare Enrollment Guide
Get Quick Medicare Answers With Our Medicare Q&A Tool
Watch Our Expert Answer Common Medicare Questions
Learn How AARP is Fighting for Better Medicare
