Slotkin's Democratic response to Trump speech to Congress (March 5, 2025)
URL: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/read-sen-elissa-slotkins-full-democratic-response-to-trumps-joint-address-to-congress
Scraped on: 2025-04-15 13:46:55

Full Episode Monday, Apr 14
By — Associated Press Associated Press Leave your feedback Share Copy URL https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/read-sen-elissa-slotkins-full-democratic-response-to-trumps-joint-address-to-congress Email Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Tumblr Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Read Sen. Elissa Slotkin’s full Democratic response to Trump’s joint address to Congress Politics Mar 5, 2025 12:50 AM EDT The Democratic rebuttal to President Donald Trump’s speech before Congress came from Sen. Elissa Slotkin, a first-term senator from Michigan. She spoke for about 11 minutes. WATCH LIVE: Highlights and takeaways from Trump’s address to Congress Here is a transcript of her remarks as prepared for delivery. Hi everyone. I’m Elissa Slotkin. I’m honored to have the opportunity to speak tonight. It’s late — so I promise to be a lot shorter than what you just watched. I won’t take it personally if you’ve never heard of me. I’m the new senator from the great state of Michigan, where I grew up. I’ve been in public service my entire life, because I happened to be in New York City on 9/11 when the twin towers came down. Before the smoke cleared, I knew I wanted a life in national security. I was recruited by the CIA and did three tours in Iraq, alongside the military. In between, I worked at the White House under President Bush and President Obama, two very different leaders who both believed that America is exceptional. You can find that same sense of patriotism here in Wyandotte, Michigan, where I am tonight. It’s a working-class town just south of Detroit. President Trump and I both won here in November. It might not seem like it, but plenty of places like this still exist all across the United States – places where people believe that if you work hard, and play by the rules, you should do well and your kids do better. It reminds me of how I grew up. My dad was a lifelong Republican, my mom a lifelong Democrat. But it was never a big deal. Because we had shared values that were bigger than any one party. We just went through another fraught election season. Americans made it clear that prices are too high and that government needs to be more responsive to their needs. America wants change. But there is a responsible way to make change, and a reckless way. And, we can make that change without forgetting who we are as a country, and as a democracy. So that’s what I’m going to lay out tonight. Because whether you’re in Wyandotte or Wichita, most Americans share three core beliefs: That the Middle Class is the engine of our country. That strong national security protects us from harm. And that our democracy, no matter how messy, is unparalleled and worth fighting for. Let’s start with the economy. Michigan literally invented the Middle Class: the revolutionary idea that you could work at an auto plant and afford the car you were building. That’s the American Dream. And in order to expand and protect the Middle Class, we have to do a few, basic things: We need to bring down the price of things we spend the most money on: Groceries. Housing. Healthcare. Your car. We need to make more things in America with good-paying, union jobs — and bring our supply chains back home from places like China. We need to give American businesses the certainty they need to invest and create the jobs of the future. And we need a tax system that’s fair for people who don’t happen to make a billion dollars. Look, President Trump talked a big game on the economy, but it’s always important to read the fine print. So: do his plans actually help Americans get ahead? Not even close. President Trump is trying to deliver an unprecedented giveaway to his billionaire friends. He’s on the hunt to find trillions of dollars to pass along to the wealthiest in America. And to do that, he’s going to make you pay in every part of your life. Grocery and home prices are going up, not down — and he hasn’t laid out a credible plan to deal with either. His tariffs on allies like Canada will raise prices on energy, lumber, cars — and start a trade war that will hurt manufacturing and farmers. Your premiums and prescriptions will cost more because the math on his proposals doesn’t work without going after your health care. Meanwhile, for those keeping score, the national debt is going up, not down. And if he’s not careful, he could walk us right into a recession. And one more thing: In order to pay for his plan, he could very well come after your retirement – the Social Security, Medicare, and VA benefits you worked your whole life to earn. The President claims he won’t, but Elon Musk just called Social Security “the biggest Ponzi scheme of all time.” While we’re on the subject of Elon Musk, is there anyone in America who is comfortable with him and his gang of 20-year-olds using their own computer servers to poke through your tax returns, your health information, and your bank accounts? No oversight. No protections against cyber-attack. No guardrails on what they do with your private data. We need more efficient government. You want to cut waste, I’ll help you do it. But change doesn’t need to be chaotic or make us less safe. WATCH: ‘Change doesn’t need to be chaotic,’ Slotkin says The mindless firing of people who work to protect our nuclear weapons, keep our planes from crashing, and conduct the research that finds the cure for cancer — only to re-hire them two days later? No CEO in America could do that without being summarily fired. OK, so we’ve talked about our economic security. How about national security? Let’s start with the border. As someone who spent my whole career protecting our homeland, every country deserves to know who and what is coming across its border. Period. Democrats and Republicans should all be for that. But securing the border without actually fixing our broken immigration system is dealing with the symptom not the disease. America is a nation of immigrants. We need a functional system, keyed to the needs of our economy, that allows vetted people to come and work here legally. So I look forward to the President’s plan on that. Because here’s the thing: Today’s world is deeply interconnected. Migration, cyber threats, AI, environmental destruction, terrorism — one nation cannot face these issues alone. We need friends in all corners — and our safety depends on it. President Trump loves to promise “peace through strength.” That’s actually a line he stole from Ronald Reagan. But let me tell you, after the spectacle that just took place in the Oval Office last week, Reagan must be rolling over in his grave. We all want an end to the war in Ukraine, but Reagan understood that true strength required America to combine our military and economic might with moral clarity. And that scene in the Oval Office wasn’t just a bad episode of reality TV. It summed up Trump’s whole approach to the world. He believes in cozying up to dictators like Vladimir Putin and kicking our friends, like Canada, in the teeth. He sees American leadership as merely a series of real estate transactions. As a Cold War kid, I’m thankful it was Reagan and not Trump in office in the 1980s. Trump would have lost us the Cold War. Donald Trump’s actions suggest that, in his heart, he doesn’t believe we are an exceptional nation. He clearly doesn’t think we should lead the world. Look, America’s not perfect. But I stand with most Americans who believe we are still exceptional. Unparalleled. And I would rather have American leadership over Chinese or Russian leadership any day of the week. Because for generations, America has offered something better. Our security and our prosperity, yes. But our democracy, our very system of government, has been the aspiration of the world. And right now, it’s at risk. It’s at risk when a president decides he can pick and choose what rules he wants to follow, when he ignores court orders or the Constitution itself, or when elected leaders stand idly by and just let it happen. But it’s also at risk when the President pits Americans against each other, when he demonizes those who are different, and tells certain people they shouldn’t be included. Because America is not just a patch of land between two oceans. We are more than that. Generations have fought and died to secure the fundamental rights that define us. Those rights and the fight for them make us who we are. We are a nation of strivers. Risk-takers. Innovators. And we are never satisfied. That is America’s superpower. And look, I’ve lived and worked in many countries. I’ve seen democracies flicker out. I’ve seen what life is like when a government is rigged. You can’t open a business without paying off a corrupt official. You can’t criticize the guys in charge without getting a knock at the door in the middle of the night. So as much as we need to make our government more responsive to our lives today, don’t for one moment fool yourself that democracy isn’t precious and worth saving. But how do we actually do that? I know a lot of you have been asking that question. First, don’t tune out. It’s easy to be exhausted, but America needs you now more than ever. If previous generations had not fought for democracy, where would we be today? Second, hold your elected officials, including me, accountable. Watch how they’re voting. Go to town halls and demand they take action. That’s as American as apple pie. Three, organize. Pick just one issue you’re passionate about — and engage. And doom scrolling doesn’t count. Join a group that cares about your issue, and act. And if you can’t find one, start one. Some of the most important movements in our history have come from the bottom up. In closing, we all know that our country is going through something right now. We’re not sure what the next day is going to hold, let alone the next decade. But this isn’t the first time we’ve experienced significant and tumultuous change as a country. I’m a student of history, and we’ve gone through periods of political instability before. And ultimately, we’ve chosen to keep changing this country for the better. But every single time, we’ve only gotten through those moments because of two things: Engaged citizens and principled leaders. Engaged citizens who do a little bit more than they’re used to doing to fight for the things they care about. And principled leaders who are ready to receive the ball and do something about it. So thank you tonight for caring about your country. Just by watching, you qualify as engaged citizens. And I promise that I, and my fellow Democrats, will do everything in our power to be the principled leaders that you deserve. Goodnight everyone. Insightful, trustworthy journalism, for everyone. Your tax-deductible donation ensures our vital reporting continues to thrive. Support PBS News Hour now. Donate Left: Sen. Elissa Slotkin, D-Mich., rehearses the Democratic response to President Donald Trump's address to a joint session of Congress on March 4, 2025 in Wyandotte, Michigan. Photo by Paul Sancya/ Pool/ Getty Images Related WATCH: ‘Change doesn’t need to be chaotic,’ Slotkin says By Dan Cooney Trump sets record for longest address to joint session of Congress By Associated Press WATCH: ‘We’re taking’ back the Panama Canal, Trump says By Joshua Barajas WATCH: Trump says Congress needs to pass ‘tax cuts for everybody’ By Joshua Barajas WATCH: Rep. Al Green says removal from Trump’s address ‘worth it’ to stand up for Medicaid By Erica R. Hendry Trump takes credit for ‘swift and unrelenting’ action in speech as Democrats dissent By Zeke Miller, Michelle L. Price, Associated Press WATCH: Highlights and takeaways from Trump’s address to Congress By Deema Zein, Lisa Desjardins, Laura Barrón-López WATCH: Sen. Elissa Slotkin delivers the Democratic response to Trump’s address to Congress By Joey Cappelletti, Associated Press Go Deeper address to congress democratic response donald trump news elissa slotkin state of the union transcript By — Associated Press Associated Press
The Democratic rebuttal to President Donald Trump’s speech before Congress came from Sen. Elissa Slotkin, a first-term senator from Michigan. She spoke for about 11 minutes. WATCH LIVE: Highlights and takeaways from Trump’s address to Congress Here is a transcript of her remarks as prepared for delivery. Hi everyone. I’m Elissa Slotkin. I’m honored to have the opportunity to speak tonight. It’s late — so I promise to be a lot shorter than what you just watched. I won’t take it personally if you’ve never heard of me. I’m the new senator from the great state of Michigan, where I grew up. I’ve been in public service my entire life, because I happened to be in New York City on 9/11 when the twin towers came down. Before the smoke cleared, I knew I wanted a life in national security. I was recruited by the CIA and did three tours in Iraq, alongside the military. In between, I worked at the White House under President Bush and President Obama, two very different leaders who both believed that America is exceptional. You can find that same sense of patriotism here in Wyandotte, Michigan, where I am tonight. It’s a working-class town just south of Detroit. President Trump and I both won here in November. It might not seem like it, but plenty of places like this still exist all across the United States – places where people believe that if you work hard, and play by the rules, you should do well and your kids do better. It reminds me of how I grew up. My dad was a lifelong Republican, my mom a lifelong Democrat. But it was never a big deal. Because we had shared values that were bigger than any one party. We just went through another fraught election season. Americans made it clear that prices are too high and that government needs to be more responsive to their needs. America wants change. But there is a responsible way to make change, and a reckless way. And, we can make that change without forgetting who we are as a country, and as a democracy. So that’s what I’m going to lay out tonight. Because whether you’re in Wyandotte or Wichita, most Americans share three core beliefs: That the Middle Class is the engine of our country. That strong national security protects us from harm. And that our democracy, no matter how messy, is unparalleled and worth fighting for. Let’s start with the economy. Michigan literally invented the Middle Class: the revolutionary idea that you could work at an auto plant and afford the car you were building. That’s the American Dream. And in order to expand and protect the Middle Class, we have to do a few, basic things: We need to bring down the price of things we spend the most money on: Groceries. Housing. Healthcare. Your car. We need to make more things in America with good-paying, union jobs — and bring our supply chains back home from places like China. We need to give American businesses the certainty they need to invest and create the jobs of the future. And we need a tax system that’s fair for people who don’t happen to make a billion dollars. Look, President Trump talked a big game on the economy, but it’s always important to read the fine print. So: do his plans actually help Americans get ahead? Not even close. President Trump is trying to deliver an unprecedented giveaway to his billionaire friends. He’s on the hunt to find trillions of dollars to pass along to the wealthiest in America. And to do that, he’s going to make you pay in every part of your life. Grocery and home prices are going up, not down — and he hasn’t laid out a credible plan to deal with either. His tariffs on allies like Canada will raise prices on energy, lumber, cars — and start a trade war that will hurt manufacturing and farmers. Your premiums and prescriptions will cost more because the math on his proposals doesn’t work without going after your health care. Meanwhile, for those keeping score, the national debt is going up, not down. And if he’s not careful, he could walk us right into a recession. And one more thing: In order to pay for his plan, he could very well come after your retirement – the Social Security, Medicare, and VA benefits you worked your whole life to earn. The President claims he won’t, but Elon Musk just called Social Security “the biggest Ponzi scheme of all time.” While we’re on the subject of Elon Musk, is there anyone in America who is comfortable with him and his gang of 20-year-olds using their own computer servers to poke through your tax returns, your health information, and your bank accounts? No oversight. No protections against cyber-attack. No guardrails on what they do with your private data. We need more efficient government. You want to cut waste, I’ll help you do it. But change doesn’t need to be chaotic or make us less safe. WATCH: ‘Change doesn’t need to be chaotic,’ Slotkin says The mindless firing of people who work to protect our nuclear weapons, keep our planes from crashing, and conduct the research that finds the cure for cancer — only to re-hire them two days later? No CEO in America could do that without being summarily fired. OK, so we’ve talked about our economic security. How about national security? Let’s start with the border. As someone who spent my whole career protecting our homeland, every country deserves to know who and what is coming across its border. Period. Democrats and Republicans should all be for that. But securing the border without actually fixing our broken immigration system is dealing with the symptom not the disease. America is a nation of immigrants. We need a functional system, keyed to the needs of our economy, that allows vetted people to come and work here legally. So I look forward to the President’s plan on that. Because here’s the thing: Today’s world is deeply interconnected. Migration, cyber threats, AI, environmental destruction, terrorism — one nation cannot face these issues alone. We need friends in all corners — and our safety depends on it. President Trump loves to promise “peace through strength.” That’s actually a line he stole from Ronald Reagan. But let me tell you, after the spectacle that just took place in the Oval Office last week, Reagan must be rolling over in his grave. We all want an end to the war in Ukraine, but Reagan understood that true strength required America to combine our military and economic might with moral clarity. And that scene in the Oval Office wasn’t just a bad episode of reality TV. It summed up Trump’s whole approach to the world. He believes in cozying up to dictators like Vladimir Putin and kicking our friends, like Canada, in the teeth. He sees American leadership as merely a series of real estate transactions. As a Cold War kid, I’m thankful it was Reagan and not Trump in office in the 1980s. Trump would have lost us the Cold War. Donald Trump’s actions suggest that, in his heart, he doesn’t believe we are an exceptional nation. He clearly doesn’t think we should lead the world. Look, America’s not perfect. But I stand with most Americans who believe we are still exceptional. Unparalleled. And I would rather have American leadership over Chinese or Russian leadership any day of the week. Because for generations, America has offered something better. Our security and our prosperity, yes. But our democracy, our very system of government, has been the aspiration of the world. And right now, it’s at risk. It’s at risk when a president decides he can pick and choose what rules he wants to follow, when he ignores court orders or the Constitution itself, or when elected leaders stand idly by and just let it happen. But it’s also at risk when the President pits Americans against each other, when he demonizes those who are different, and tells certain people they shouldn’t be included. Because America is not just a patch of land between two oceans. We are more than that. Generations have fought and died to secure the fundamental rights that define us. Those rights and the fight for them make us who we are. We are a nation of strivers. Risk-takers. Innovators. And we are never satisfied. That is America’s superpower. And look, I’ve lived and worked in many countries. I’ve seen democracies flicker out. I’ve seen what life is like when a government is rigged. You can’t open a business without paying off a corrupt official. You can’t criticize the guys in charge without getting a knock at the door in the middle of the night. So as much as we need to make our government more responsive to our lives today, don’t for one moment fool yourself that democracy isn’t precious and worth saving. But how do we actually do that? I know a lot of you have been asking that question. First, don’t tune out. It’s easy to be exhausted, but America needs you now more than ever. If previous generations had not fought for democracy, where would we be today? Second, hold your elected officials, including me, accountable. Watch how they’re voting. Go to town halls and demand they take action. That’s as American as apple pie. Three, organize. Pick just one issue you’re passionate about — and engage. And doom scrolling doesn’t count. Join a group that cares about your issue, and act. And if you can’t find one, start one. Some of the most important movements in our history have come from the bottom up. In closing, we all know that our country is going through something right now. We’re not sure what the next day is going to hold, let alone the next decade. But this isn’t the first time we’ve experienced significant and tumultuous change as a country. I’m a student of history, and we’ve gone through periods of political instability before. And ultimately, we’ve chosen to keep changing this country for the better. But every single time, we’ve only gotten through those moments because of two things: Engaged citizens and principled leaders. Engaged citizens who do a little bit more than they’re used to doing to fight for the things they care about. And principled leaders who are ready to receive the ball and do something about it. So thank you tonight for caring about your country. Just by watching, you qualify as engaged citizens. And I promise that I, and my fellow Democrats, will do everything in our power to be the principled leaders that you deserve. Goodnight everyone. Insightful, trustworthy journalism, for everyone. Your tax-deductible donation ensures our vital reporting continues to thrive. Support PBS News Hour now. Donate
WATCH: ‘Change doesn’t need to be chaotic,’ Slotkin says By Dan Cooney
Trump sets record for longest address to joint session of Congress By Associated Press
WATCH: ‘We’re taking’ back the Panama Canal, Trump says By Joshua Barajas
WATCH: Trump says Congress needs to pass ‘tax cuts for everybody’ By Joshua Barajas
WATCH: Rep. Al Green says removal from Trump’s address ‘worth it’ to stand up for Medicaid By Erica R. Hendry
Trump takes credit for ‘swift and unrelenting’ action in speech as Democrats dissent By Zeke Miller, Michelle L. Price, Associated Press
WATCH: Highlights and takeaways from Trump’s address to Congress By Deema Zein, Lisa Desjardins, Laura Barrón-López
WATCH: Sen. Elissa Slotkin delivers the Democratic response to Trump’s address to Congress By Joey Cappelletti, Associated Press
Full Episode Monday, Apr 14
World Apr 15 Xi suggests China is a source of ‘stability and certainty’ as he tours Southeast Asia By Huizhong Wu, Associated Press
Politics Apr 15 Sen. Chris Van Hollen says he’ll travel to El Salvador if Abrego Garcia isn’t released by midweek By Associated Press
Health Apr 15 Arkansas and Indiana ask Trump administration to let them ban soda and candy from SNAP By JoNel Aleccia, Andrew DeMillo, Associated Press
Nation Apr 15 Jury selection begins in Harvey Weinstein’s New York retrial after court overturned landmark #MeToo verdict By Jennifer Peltz, Mike Sisak, Associated Press
World Apr 15 Japan’s chief trade negotiator to visit Washington for tariff talks this week By Mari Yamaguchi, Associated Press
Politics Apr 15 Trump reiterates desire to expand deportation plans to include U.S. citizens By Associated Press
Nation Apr 15 Mark Zuckerberg takes the stand in historic antitrust trial that could force breakup of Meta By Brian Witte, Barbara Ortutay, Associated Press
Politics Apr 15 WATCH LIVE: Wife of man mistakenly deported to El Salvador speaks ahead of court hearing By Seung Min Kim, Marcos Aleman, Associated Press
There are no stations available for your selected ZIP Code.
etpbs helps your community explore new
                                    worlds and ideas through programs that educate, inform and inspire. Your
                                    tax-deductible donation helps make it all possible.
Subscribe to Here’s the Deal, our politics
                 newsletter for analysis you won’t find anywhere else.
Thank you. Please check your inbox to confirm.
Associated Press Associated Press
Leave your feedback
The Democratic rebuttal to President Donald Trump’s speech before Congress came from Sen. Elissa Slotkin, a first-term senator from Michigan. She spoke for about 11 minutes.
WATCH LIVE: Highlights and takeaways from Trump’s address to Congress
Here is a transcript of her remarks as prepared for delivery.
I won’t take it personally if you’ve never heard of me. I’m the new senator from the great state of Michigan, where I grew up. I’ve been in public service my entire life, because I happened to be in New York City on 9/11 when the twin towers came down. Before the smoke cleared, I knew I wanted a life in national security.
I was recruited by the CIA and did three tours in Iraq, alongside the military. In between, I worked at the White House under President Bush and President Obama, two very different leaders who both believed that America is exceptional.
You can find that same sense of patriotism here in Wyandotte, Michigan, where I am tonight. It’s a working-class town just south of Detroit. President Trump and I both won here in November. It might not seem like it, but plenty of places like this still exist all across the United States – places where people believe that if you work hard, and play by the rules, you should do well and your kids do better.
It reminds me of how I grew up. My dad was a lifelong Republican, my mom a lifelong Democrat. But it was never a big deal. Because we had shared values that were bigger than any one party.
We just went through another fraught election season. Americans made it clear that prices are too high and that government needs to be more responsive to their needs. America wants change. But there is a responsible way to make change, and a reckless way. And, we can make that change without forgetting who we are as a country, and as a democracy.
So that’s what I’m going to lay out tonight.
Because whether you’re in Wyandotte or Wichita, most Americans share three core beliefs: That the Middle Class is the engine of our country. That strong national security protects us from harm. And that our democracy, no matter how messy, is unparalleled and worth fighting for.
Let’s start with the economy.
Michigan literally invented the Middle Class: the revolutionary idea that you could work at an auto plant and afford the car you were building. That’s the American Dream. And in order to expand and protect the Middle Class, we have to do a few, basic things:
We need to bring down the price of things we spend the most money on: Groceries. Housing. Healthcare. Your car.
We need to make more things in America with good-paying, union jobs — and bring our supply chains back home from places like China.
We need to give American businesses the certainty they need to invest and create the jobs of the future.
And we need a tax system that’s fair for people who don’t happen to make a billion dollars.
Look, President Trump talked a big game on the economy, but it’s always important to read the fine print. So: do his plans actually help Americans get ahead?
Not even close.
President Trump is trying to deliver an unprecedented giveaway to his billionaire friends. He’s on the hunt to find trillions of dollars to pass along to the wealthiest in America. And to do that, he’s going to make you pay in every part of your life.
Grocery and home prices are going up, not down — and he hasn’t laid out a credible plan to deal with either.
His tariffs on allies like Canada will raise prices on energy, lumber, cars — and start a trade war that will hurt manufacturing and farmers.
Your premiums and prescriptions will cost more because the math on his proposals doesn’t work without going after your health care.
Meanwhile, for those keeping score, the national debt is going up, not down. And if he’s not careful, he could walk us right into a recession.
And one more thing: In order to pay for his plan, he could very well come after your retirement – the Social Security, Medicare, and VA benefits you worked your whole life to earn. The President claims he won’t, but Elon Musk just called Social Security “the biggest Ponzi scheme of all time.”
While we’re on the subject of Elon Musk, is there anyone in America who is comfortable with him and his gang of 20-year-olds using their own computer servers to poke through your tax returns, your health information, and your bank accounts? No oversight. No protections against cyber-attack. No guardrails on what they do with your private data.
We need more efficient government. You want to cut waste, I’ll help you do it. But change doesn’t need to be chaotic or make us less safe.
WATCH: ‘Change doesn’t need to be chaotic,’ Slotkin says
The mindless firing of people who work to protect our nuclear weapons, keep our planes from crashing, and conduct the research that finds the cure for cancer — only to re-hire them two days later? No CEO in America could do that without being summarily fired.
OK, so we’ve talked about our economic security. How about national security?
Let’s start with the border. As someone who spent my whole career protecting our homeland, every country deserves to know who and what is coming across its border. Period. Democrats and Republicans should all be for that.
But securing the border without actually fixing our broken immigration system is dealing with the symptom not the disease. America is a nation of immigrants. We need a functional system, keyed to the needs of our economy, that allows vetted people to come and work here legally. So I look forward to the President’s plan on that.
Because here’s the thing: Today’s world is deeply interconnected. Migration, cyber threats, AI, environmental destruction, terrorism — one nation cannot face these issues alone. We need friends in all corners — and our safety depends on it.
President Trump loves to promise “peace through strength.” That’s actually a line he stole from Ronald Reagan. But let me tell you, after the spectacle that just took place in the Oval Office last week, Reagan must be rolling over in his grave. We all want an end to the war in Ukraine, but Reagan understood that true strength required America to combine our military and economic might with moral clarity.
And that scene in the Oval Office wasn’t just a bad episode of reality TV. It summed up Trump’s whole approach to the world. He believes in cozying up to dictators like Vladimir Putin and kicking our friends, like Canada, in the teeth. He sees American leadership as merely a series of real estate transactions.
As a Cold War kid, I’m thankful it was Reagan and not Trump in office in the 1980s. Trump would have lost us the Cold War.
Donald Trump’s actions suggest that, in his heart, he doesn’t believe we are an exceptional nation. He clearly doesn’t think we should lead the world.
Look, America’s not perfect. But I stand with most Americans who believe we are still exceptional. Unparalleled. And I would rather have American leadership over Chinese or Russian leadership any day of the week.
Because for generations, America has offered something better.
Our security and our prosperity, yes. But our democracy, our very system of government, has been the aspiration of the world. And right now, it’s at risk.
It’s at risk when a president decides he can pick and choose what rules he wants to follow, when he ignores court orders or the Constitution itself, or when elected leaders stand idly by and just let it happen.
But it’s also at risk when the President pits Americans against each other, when he demonizes those who are different, and tells certain people they shouldn’t be included.
Because America is not just a patch of land between two oceans. We are more than that. Generations have fought and died to secure the fundamental rights that define us. Those rights and the fight for them make us who we are.
We are a nation of strivers. Risk-takers. Innovators. And we are never satisfied.
That is America’s superpower.
And look, I’ve lived and worked in many countries. I’ve seen democracies flicker out. I’ve seen what life is like when a government is rigged. You can’t open a business without paying off a corrupt official. You can’t criticize the guys in charge without getting a knock at the door in the middle of the night.
So as much as we need to make our government more responsive to our lives today, don’t for one moment fool yourself that democracy isn’t precious and worth saving.
But how do we actually do that? I know a lot of you have been asking that question.
First, don’t tune out. It’s easy to be exhausted, but America needs you now more than ever. If previous generations had not fought for democracy, where would we be today?
Second, hold your elected officials, including me, accountable. Watch how they’re voting. Go to town halls and demand they take action. That’s as American as apple pie.
Three, organize. Pick just one issue you’re passionate about — and engage. And doom scrolling doesn’t count. Join a group that cares about your issue, and act. And if you can’t find one, start one.
Some of the most important movements in our history have come from the bottom up.
In closing, we all know that our country is going through something right now. We’re not sure what the next day is going to hold, let alone the next decade.
But this isn’t the first time we’ve experienced significant and tumultuous change as a country. I’m a student of history, and we’ve gone through periods of political instability before. And ultimately, we’ve chosen to keep changing this country for the better.
But every single time, we’ve only gotten through those moments because of two things: Engaged citizens and principled leaders.
Engaged citizens who do a little bit more than they’re used to doing to fight for the things they care about. And principled leaders who are ready to receive the ball and do something about it.
So thank you tonight for caring about your country. Just by watching, you qualify as engaged citizens. And I promise that I, and my fellow Democrats, will do everything in our power to be the principled leaders that you deserve.
Goodnight everyone.
Your tax-deductible donation ensures our vital reporting continues to thrive. Support PBS News Hour now.
Left: Sen. Elissa Slotkin, D-Mich., rehearses the Democratic response to President Donald Trump's address to a joint session of Congress on March 4, 2025 in Wyandotte, Michigan. Photo by Paul Sancya/ Pool/ Getty Images
By Dan Cooney
By Associated Press
By Joshua Barajas
By Joshua Barajas
By Erica R. Hendry
By Zeke Miller, Michelle L. Price, Associated Press
By Deema Zein, Lisa Desjardins, Laura Barrón-López
By Joey Cappelletti, Associated Press
Associated Press Associated Press
Support Provided By: Learn more
Support PBS News:
Subscribe to Here’s the Deal, our politics
                 newsletter for analysis you won’t find anywhere else.
Thank you. Please check your inbox to confirm.
Read Apr 15 WATCH LIVE: White House holds briefing as Trump administration weighs next steps on tariffs
Read Apr 15 WATCH LIVE: Biden speaks out to protect Social Security in high-profile address after leaving office
Read Apr 03 A timeline of Trump’s tariff actions so far
Read Apr 15 WATCH LIVE: Wife of man mistakenly deported to El Salvador speaks ahead of court hearing
Read Apr 15 Trump reiterates desire to expand deportation plans to include U.S. citizens
World Apr 15
By Huizhong Wu, Associated Press
Politics Apr 15
By Associated Press
Health Apr 15
By JoNel Aleccia, Andrew DeMillo, Associated Press
Nation Apr 15
By Jennifer Peltz, Mike Sisak, Associated Press
World Apr 15
By Mari Yamaguchi, Associated Press
Politics Apr 15
By Associated Press
Nation Apr 15
By Brian Witte, Barbara Ortutay, Associated Press
Politics Apr 15
By Seung Min Kim, Marcos Aleman, Associated Press
© 1996 - 2025 NewsHour Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved.
PBS is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization.
Stay Connected
Subscribe to Here's the Deal with Lisa Desjardins
Thank you. Please check your inbox to confirm.
Learn more about Friends of the News Hour.
Support for News Hour Provided By
Select Your Local Station
Read Sen. Elissa Slotkin’s full Democratic response to Trump’s joint address to Congress
Search for a Station
MORE FROM ETPBS
PBS IS BROUGHT TO YOU BY
MORE FROM ETPBS
Educate your inbox
Go Deeper
Trending Now
The Latest
Support our journalism
Educate your inbox
Get news alerts from PBS News
Turn on desktop notifications?
