Kari Lake Speaks At RNC 2024 Night Two (July 16, 2024)
URL: https://www.rev.com/transcripts/kari-lake-speaks-at-rnc-2024-night-two
Scraped on: 2025-04-15 13:56:42

Kari Lake spoke at the Republican National Convention in Milwaukee. Read the
transcript here.
Luckily for you, we deliver. Subscribe to our blog today.
A confirmation email is on it’s way to your inbox.
Copyright Disclaimer
Under Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing.
Speaker X ( 00:00 ):
Kari. Kari. Kari. Kari. Kari. Kari. Kari. Kari.
Kari Lake ( 00:32 ):
Wow. Hello.
( 00:38 ) I love you all. I love you. I love you, Arizona.
( 00:47 ) You guys are amazing. Wow. This is MAGA energy tonight, guys.
( 00:54 ) I love it. Oh, wow.
( 00:59 ) America, I wish you were in this room with us. This is electric. Hello, America. Welcome everybody who’s watching at home and welcome everybody in this great arena tonight. We love you all.
( 01:12 ) Actually, actually, wait a minute. I don’t mean that. I don’t welcome everybody in this room. The guys up in the fake news, frankly…
Speaker X ( 01:29 ):
Kari. Kari. Kari.
Kari Lake ( 01:32 ):
All right. Frankly, you guys up there in the fake news have worn out your welcome.
( 01:45 ) You’ve worn it out, guys. You have spent the last eight years lying about President Donald Trump and his amazing patriotic supporters. Actually, guys, they lie about everything. They’ve lied about Joe Biden’s health, the economy, the laptop, the border. I could go on and on and on, but the really good news is that every day, more and more people are turning off the fake news and they’re…
( 02:15 ) That’s right.
( 02:19 ) And Americans are waking up to the truth about the disastrous Democrat policies pushed by Joe Biden and his favorite congressman, my opponent, Ruben Gallego.
Speaker X ( 02:30 ):
Kari Lake ( 02:32 ):
These guys, they’re full of bad ideas. Just last week, Ruben Gallego voted to let the millions of people who poured into our country illegally cast a ballot in this upcoming election.
( 02:52 ) Gallego and the Democrats have handed over control of my state, Arizona’s border, to the drug cartels; and because of them, criminals and deadly drugs are pouring in and our children are dying. Our children are getting their hands on these drugs and dying. I’ll tell you, the hardest thing I’ve had to do on the campaign trail is talk to moms and dads who come up to me and tell me that their 19-year-old son has died because of fentanyl poisoning; or their 22-year-old daughter took a half a pill and she’s gone. We are losing a generation of young people to this fentanyl crisis, and it’s got to stop. The Grand Canyon state has become the fentanyl state, and it’s not okay with this mom. I’m not okay with that. I don’t think it’s okay with that mom. I don’t think it’s okay with that mom. It doesn’t have to be this way. The problems we face are huge, the problems caused by the Democrat Party, but the solutions guys, they’re really simple. First of all, stop the Biden invasion and build the wall.
( 04:05 ) Easy.
Speaker X ( 04:17 ):
Build the wall. Build the wall. Build our wall. Build our wall. Build our wall. Build our wall. Build our wall. Build our wall. Build our wall.
Kari Lake ( 04:26 ):
And while we’re building the wall, let’s kick Bidenomics to the curb and bring back the MAGAnomics. Is that okay? I miss the strong Trump economy. And because I’m a mama bear, I want to replace this indoctrination, this psychological abuse they’re inflicting on our children, with a real solid, quality education. It’s all common sense.
( 04:53 ) The great news is that we can solve these problems, and to be honest, we must solve these problems for the sake of our children, because that’s really what this is all about, right? The next generation, the future of our country. I learned something watching the Nature Channel, that the most dangerous place on planet Earth is between a mama bear and her baby cubs. And that’s exactly where the radical left have found themselves, and it’s not going to go well for them, because guess what? They have awoken the sleeping giant.
( 05:29 ) Tens of millions of moms and dads from sea to shining sea, they’re going to show up on November 5th, and they’re going to be hearing from us on November 5th. That’s right.
( 05:45 ) Actually, I can think of one thing more dangerous than a grizzly bear, and it’s a middle-aged, fed up mother in Washington D.C. And I haven’t even started my hot flashes yet, guys. Just wait. Just wait. But seriously, I want every mother and father to know this, that we, the Republican Party, will fight. I will fight, not just for my kids; and my daughter’s over here. Are you over there, Ruby? Wave to me. Wave to mom. My daughter’s over there. Selfishly, I want to fight for my kids, but I want to fight for your kids as well. They deserve a better future.
( 06:29 ) They deserve a better future.
( 06:33 ) But the really good news here… And the fake news wants us to believe we’re 50/50 at each other’s throat. They’re creating division and anger. Americans are actually much more united than people believe, right? You see it. We see it.
( 06:51 ) We want to make life better, and we want to create an incredible future for this generation and the next generation. And together, when we join together, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. God bless all of you here tonight. God bless you, America; and God bless President Donald J. Trump. I love you, guys. Thank you. Thank you.
Lectus donec nisi placerat suscipit tellus pellentesque turpis amet.
Copyright Disclaimer
Under Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing.
Sign up to get Rev content delivered straight to your inbox.
Kari Lake Speaks at RNC 2024 Night Two
Keep reading
Subscribe to The Rev Blog
OSU Visits the White House
Bernie Sanders at fighting Oligarchy Event
AOC at Fight Oligarchy Event
Trump Meets with the President of El Salvador
Stephen Miller Speaks to the Press
Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2025 60 Minutes Interview
