Scraped on: 2025-03-31 14:50:36
Website: Taking Back the Climate Crisis (April 13, 2021)

Taking on the Climate Crisis and Building Back Better

Let there be no doubt, climate change is a real, immediate and growing threat to national security, public health and our economy. The longer we fail to act, the more costly the climate crisis will be for all of us.
Grassroots activists who are engaged at the local level in Wisconsin understand that we need bold action now at the state and federal level because the climate crisis is not only a challenge we must meet, it’s also an opportunity for us to rebuild more resilient infrastructure and create good paying jobs.
Governor Evers and Lt. Governor Barnes get it and they are providing our state the leadership we need. Their Badger Bounceback Budget takes on climate change in our state and advances environmental justice for communities of color, low-income Wisconsinites, and our farmers.
President Biden is also committed to taking bold action on the climate crisis. The President’s American Jobs Plan invests in strengthening our infrastructure and creating the good-paying, union jobs of the future. The plan also targets 40 percent of the benefits of climate and clean infrastructure investments to disadvantaged communities.
I have always believed in the power of engaged citizens to bring about change. Now, we are called upon to confront the growing threat of the climate crisis and I want to thank everyone who is speaking up and letting their voices be heard across Wisconsin.
Our state motto is one word: “Forward.” Let’s continue working together at the local, state and federal level to push for bold action to confront climate change, rebuild our infrastructure, and build a clean energy economy that can make our state stronger.
I hope you’ll join in the shared responsibility we all have to keep our promise to future generations. Now more than ever, we must recommit ourselves to building back better and passing on a Wisconsin better than we found it.

