Fox News "Hannity" - Interview with Matt Gaetz (July 17, 2020)
URL: https://justfacts.votesmart.org/public-statement/1451084/fox-news-hannity-transcript-interview-with-matt-gaetz&speechType=3
Scraped on: 2025-04-15 14:05:42

Forgot Password?
Forgot Password?
BREAK IN TRANSCRIPT
Joining us now with reaction, the host of the "Rubin Report", Dave Rubin, Florida Congressman Matt Gaetz.
You know, Congressman, I'll start with you. Years ago -- they do this to all conservatives. I don't call for anyone's firings, I don't support boycotts, I never will. Because it's really an effort to silence speech you don't agree with.
I think people are smart enough, they make decisions which shows they watch, radio stations they listen to, and out of nowhere, this incredible audience on this channel and my radio show, they started busting (AUDIO GAP) buying 500 of them (AUDIO GAP) nice people who were defending me, and by the way, it worked.
This boycott is viral. I'm going to buy a Goya Foods and give it to my local food pantry.
REP. MATT GAETZ, R-FLA.: The radical left is trying to create a country too woke for Ivanka, Goya Foods, and even the national anthem, for goodness sakes. And I am not here for it.
The reason our National Anthem matters, our statutes matter, our history matters, our businesses like Goya Foods matter because they create a sense of national identity. We want that national identity to be strong so that people are patriotic and love our country, and fight for our country to be the very best version of itself. But the left is attacking all of this because they want us to love our people and our history and our "Star- Spangled Banner" less because they want to replace our country with something else.
I guess the "Los Angeles times" wrote that they should replace the "Star- Spangled Banner" with "lean on me", Sean. But if that's the case, it would most certainly violate the social distancing rules because I don't know how you can lean on someone from 6 feet apart.
So, maybe there would be no song, no company, no art that we could ever celebrate again if we elect these radical leftists to control our country.
HANNITY: You know, Dave, you have a book behind you, I believe it's "Don't Burn This Book", is that right?
OK, my question is -- why is it the intolerant left?
DAVE RUBIN, "THE RUBIN REPORT" HOST: Yes.
HANNITY: I don't like Jimmy Kimmel, I don't like Bill Maher. I've defended them and fought against firings. Now, they want to go after everybody. What you said 25 years ago, 30 years ago.
And, you know, I supported Joy Reid when they wanted to fire her. I said, give her another chance.
I don't support boycotts. I don't support firings. I support giving people other chances. Maybe I'm just living in an old-fashioned world where I understand people are flawed, and make mistakes, and, you know, right to redemption, nor do I support censorship or trying to silence political views.
RUBIN: Yes. Well, I'm going to guess, Sean, that none of the people you just mentioned have ever afforded you the same accommodation --
HANNITY: Never --
RUBIN: -- when the mob is coming after you, or try to take your responses or anything out.
But I think there's a reason for that, a fundamental reason, which is that people on the right fundamentally understand that if you believe in individual rights, and you believe in the Constitution, you understand that we've got 300 million people in this country. They come from all walks of life, all different backgrounds. They're going to believe different things. Their purchasing habits are going to be different. They're going to live in all sorts of different ways.
This new woke leftist, Marxist thing, it is a mind virus. A virus is very easy to catch, and a very hard to get rid of. And this set of ideas that says you're morally right all the time, and everyone who opposes you is evil, and thus worth boycotting or destroying, or eliminating from society, it sounds good. It's attractive to young people, and we just have to keep beating it with better ideas.
HANNITY: You know, I look at this by Bari Weiss in The New York Times and the horrific names that she was called at The New York Times, and I'm thinking, wow. They are that intolerant, Matt.
And, you know, I'm like, this is supposed to be the land of liberalism and free speech, and free exchange of ideas and opinions. Apparently, the left is groupthink one way or goodbye.
GAETZ: Dave is right, this is a mind virus. And the only vaccine is unapologetic patriotism, and belief that in America, everyone should be treated equally, and we should have the courage to be able to confront ideas that we don't like or make us uncomfortable with more speech.
You cite The New York Times, their opinion page editor had to resign because he believed that stories two or three years ago would've been deemed acceptable now could get an editor or reporter fired. He accused The New York Times of essentially being beholden to the Twitter mob specifically. He said Twitter has no official masthead at The Times, but that it is, in fact, the ultimate editor.
HANNITY: All right.
GAETZ: So, I want to live in a world where we have --
HANNITY: Let me ask Dave --
GAETZ: -- the confidence to confront ideas with better ideas.
HANNITY: Roger Stone, Dave, announced his support for Matt Gaetz running for president. I want to know if you think Matt Gaetz is going to run for president. Prediction, Dave?
RUBIN: If he'll run (ph), well, I like the platform that he was just running on right there, so let's see. Maybe.
HANNITY: I know, and I am predicting --
GAETZ: I'm only worried about one presidential election, and that's for President Trump in 2020.
HANNITY: I am predicting, one day, Matt Gaetz will run and has a pretty good shot at winning. Here's my prediction --
GAETZ: Wow, Sean Hannity will be my chief of staff.
BREAK IN TRANSCRIPT
Vote Smart's mission is to provide free, factual, unbiased information on candidates and elected officials to ALL Americans.
READ MORE
All content © 1992 - 2021 Vote Smart unless otherwise attributed - Privacy Policy
Legislative demographic data provided by Aristotle International, Inc.
Mobile Messaging Terms and Conditions
THE FACTS
Our Mission
Already Registered?
Already Registered?
Fox News "Hannity" - Transcript Interview with Matt Gaetz
Log in
