Matt Gaetz Florida Firebrand PAC
URL: https://floridafirebrandpac.com
Scraped on: 2025-04-15 14:05:35

FFP Chairman Matt Gaetz is leading the charge against the corrupt swamp and the Uniparty by exposing the truth. The fight continues for the future of our country and Florida. It is America First. Always.
Protect Conservative values and common sense solutions that make Florida and our country great. Electing America First Patriots to enforce the mandate given by the American people to Make America Great Again.
Stop the Invasion of our Southern Border and engage in mass deportations to correct the disastrous situation created by the Biden/Harris administration. We must protect our communities and ALL Americans.
We must secure our elections, including same-day voting, voter identification in all 50 states, and proof of citizenship.
For the same reason we don’t let the umpire bet on the game, we need to ban Members of Congress from trading individual stocks. Those elected by the people, should work for the people only.
Stopping the Radical Woke Agenda in its tracks and cleansing our nation of disastrous DEI policies. This includes completely ending the weaponization of the government against political opponents and those you do not agree with.
Matt Gaetz has been a lifelong advocate for Northwest Florida, having grown up in Okaloosa County. After serving the people of Florida’s First Congressional District, Matt started the Florida Firebrand PAC to widen his America-First impact across all of Florida and America.
Fuel the fight to help Chairman Matt Gaetz stand strong for Florida values and America's future!
Stay up to date with the fight to take back our country, stand up for Floridians, and put America first.
PAID FOR BY FLORIDA FIREBRAND PAC
Copyright © 2025 Florida Firebrand PAC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
Standing Strong for Florida’s Values and America’s Future
On the Issues
Meet Our Chairman: Matt Gaetz
Join the Fight
Make a Donation to Help Our Cause
Make a Contribution
Defend Florida & Secure America’s Future
Border Security
Election Integrity
Congressional Stock Trading
Defeating the Woke Mob
