Tennessee U.S. Congress election: Meet Jane George, candidate for House District 2 (July 1, 2024)
URL: https://www.tennessean.com/story/opinion/editorials/2024/07/01/tennessee-election-congress-jane-george-house-district-2/74270162007/
Scraped on: 2025-04-15 13:53:09


EDITORIALS
Tennessee U.S. Congress election: Meet Jane George, candidate for House District 2
Portrait of David Plazas David Plazas
Nashville Tennessean









Editor's note: The Tennessean Editorial Board invited candidates for the 2024 congressional elections to fill out our questionnaire. They include biographical information and answers to 11 questions on variety of topics from key policy issues to their recommendation for visitors on what to see or do in their congressional districts.

Election Guide: Learn about candidates running in Aug. 1 Tennessee primary election for U.S. Congress

Key dates:

July 2: Voter registration deadline
July 12-27: Early voting
July 25: Deadline to request absentee ballot
Aug. 1: Primary election
Nov. 5: General election
Biographical Information

Name: Jane George
Which office are you seeking? U.S. House District 2. Democrat running unopposed in the primary election.
Age at the time of election: 62
What city/town in Tennessee do you live in? Knoxville
Education: B.S. and master's in biology, UCLA; Doctorate of Chiropractic, CCC-LA. I continue to take courses through Stanford University and UNITAR (the educational branch of the United Nations)
Job history: Business owner, physician, board member of various charity organizations, writer
Family: Two sons, long time partner
Need a break? Play the USA TODAY Daily Crossword Puzzle.
11 questions for the candidates

Why are you running for this office?

I’m running for office to create legislation that will restore the rights of women not only in Tennessee but around the country. Access to healthcare for women of all ages as physicians leave the state, has been compromised, especially in our rural communities. We must STOP the inequality across stateliness.

What makes you qualified to hold this office and better qualified than your opponent(s)?

My experience, education and training all line up with this fight for our rights. I also meet the criteria set forth in the Constitution. What makes me more qualified than my opponent is also simple; I care about people, women in particular, whose rights are being stripped away without true representation in Congress. Only 28% of US Congressional Representatives are women. The lawmakers in Tennessee, made up of almost 80% men, have medically disenfranchised over half its population.

If you are elected (or re-elected), what are your top 2 to 3 priorities for your new (or next) term in office?

My No. 1 single issue will be to fight, at all levels, the restrictions placed upon women involving the choice to start or expand a family and increasing access to doctors and hospitals across the state. All other priorities, while important, will be handled as they arise in caucuses and sessions.

What are you hearing most from voters about what they want you to accomplish, if elected?

Voters, men and women alike, are rallying behind the continued mistreatment of women primarily around healthcare, but living, sustainable and equitable wage affects many of my constituents.

Sign up for the Tennessee Voices newsletter showcasing opinion across the Volunteer State
Sign up for the Black Tennessee Voices newsletter
Sign up for the Latino Tennessee Voices newsletter
Submitting a letter to the editor or op-ed
Are you satisfied with the direction of the country? Explain why.

The polarization and divisiveness in politics have allowed us to take our eyes off what’s truly important. It goes back to Tennessee Values, your faith, your family and your freedom, and to that I would add, your future. Alexander Hamilton stated that “Compromise is the key to a stable government”. That means we have to start working together to do the real work of supporting the needs of our communities.

What is your assessment of the performance of the President Joe Biden over the last four years?

President Biden has done a good job on trying to stabilize the economy after a pandemic. The infrastructure bill is the first major action taken to support infrastructure needs in this country in a generation. He could have done better with illegal immigration, especially following the crisis of the last administration of family separation. His policies on healthcare access, women’s bodily autonomy, the lowest unemployment rate in years, and expanding health benefits to veterans are strong steps lifting our nation.

How should the U.S. approach foreign policy goals as it pertains to regions, nations and conflicts such as China, Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war?

I support a pathway to peace, especially in the Middle East . The Ukraine is a portal to Europe. Preventing a complete Russian invasion is a critical step in protecting our allies which will have an impact on our nation. For every soldier who is lost in war, 4 innocent women and children are killed.

We are economically tied to China. There is not a current easy fix. Americans need to understand that 40.7% of all goods consumed in our country are from China and Hong Kong. We have the power to make an impact by simply refusing to buy those goods. We benefit from consuming products that are produced closer to consumption. The cost to the planet’s health is directly affected by our dependence on products made abroad.

Americans in recent polling say immigration is one of the top issues, if not the most important issue, facing the U.S. What should Congress do to address the immigration and border security?

No one denies there is a problem with our borders, especially the southern border. Processing claims is at a crawl and illegal crossings are at an all time high. If all leaders do not come together for solutions they can address on, it will only get worse. Working together is the solution.

What else do you want voters to know about you that will help them make an informed decision on Election Day?

Our campaign has a singular focus to work on above all others, restoring rights for women.

A "fun" question: When visitors ask you, "What should I do in Tennessee or your specific community?" what are the top 2 or 3 things or places you recommend?

Tennessee has become one of the nation’s best places for outdoor recreation. We have a multitude of great hikes, camping, bike trails, and rivers to play in. And of course, the Smokey Mountains National Park is the most visited park in the country. I also love the revitalized downtowns in many of our cities, large and small. Come in June and check out the fireflies!

Will you commit to being civil in how you present yourself and the way you interact with opponents and others? (Our definition of civility is being a good, active, honest and respectable citizen)

Yes

Call Opinion and Engagement Director David Plazas at (615) 259-8063, email him at dplazas@tennessean.com or find him on X at @davidplazas





