================================================================================
Remarks by the Vice President with Governor Tim Walz at a Campaign Event in Las Vegas, Nevada (August 10, 2024)
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/remarks-the-vice-president-with-governor-tim-walz-campaign-event-las-vegas-nevada
Scraped on: 2025-04-11 23:29:56

About Search
GOVERNOR WALZ: Wow. Wow, wow, wow. Hey -- (applause) --
AUDIENCE: Gov! Gov! Gov!
GOVERNOR WALZ: (Laughs.) (Applause.) Wow. Wow.
One more time for Tilly. Thank you. (Applause.)
Well, hello, Las Vegas. (Laughs.) (Applause.) Now, I know some of you spent the week googling Minnesota a little bit -- (laughter) -- and to figure out who these Minnesotans were.
Here's the one thing I can tell you about us. We spend about half our lives talking about the weather. (Laughter.) It's what we do. So, I want to say thank you to all of the people since I've been here to remind me that it's a dry heat outside. (Laughter.) So -- so is your damn oven, but, you know, that's -- (laughter) -- I'm melting like a snowman outside.
But, look, this is incredible. And I want to say a thank you to a few folks I had the privilege of working with when I served in Congress. You have two of the best senators you could ever hope for -- (applause): Senator Cortez Masto and Senator Rosen.
Just as a side note, there's lots of commonalities here -- it may not be the weather; we walk on water half the year it's so damn cold, but that's what we are. But we have something in common. Both Minnesota and Nevada have two women senators, and that's a pretty good thing. (Applause.)
Huge thank you to Congressman Horsford -- (applause); Congresswoman Lee -- (applause); and -- and a longtime friend I served with, Congresswoman Titus. Grateful. (Applause.)
A special thank you is for what I'm looking at right here: to every one of you. You took time out of your busy lives. You didn't need to be here. There's many things you could have been doing. You chose. You braved 108-degree heat -- I can't even believe I'm saying that -- (laughter) -- just to be here.
And I have to tell you, I understand, because of the heat, they had to shut the door early and turn thousands of folks away.
AUDIENCE: Aww --
GOVERNOR WALZ: But don't worry, we're going to be back a lot. (Laughs.) (Applause.)
All the things -- you got babysitters; you had to do everything -- but you came here for something bigger than yourselves for one simple, eloquent, and beautiful reason: You love this country. (Applause.) Thank you.
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!
GOVERNOR WALZ: USA!
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!
GOVERNOR WALZ: I'm so incredibly proud to be on this ticket -- and I want to give a big shout-out -- with the support of a special group tonight, Culinary Workers Union 226. (Applause.)
We're here for that love, and the end of this road -- remember, 87 days. Rarely in your life do you get an opportunity in 87 days to change the trajectory of not just today or tomorrow but for generations around the world. (Applause.)
And I keep saying this: We can do anything for 87 days. And my mantra is, "We'll sleep when we're dead." We'll sleep when we're dead. (Applause.) Because when you wake up on that 88th day, you're going to get to say, "Welcome, Madam President Harris." (Applause.)
This is -- this is a leader that wakes up every day to try and do things for the American people. She will -- she took on the predators, the fraudsters, the transnational gangs; stood up against the greed of corporate interests -- (applause); stood with working people in organized labor -- (applause); and never failed to reach across the aisle if it meant improving people's lives. (Applause.)
I was taught a little something about that commitment too. I was born in a small town in Nebraska where community was a way of life. (Applause.) There's some Nebraskans in the house. Yay, Cornhuskers.
You think I'm kidding. You think I'm kidding. Four hundred people, 25 kids in my class, 12 were cousins. That's small town. (Laughter.) That's small town.
But you know what? My parents and my community taught me generosity towards my neighbor and to work for the common good. (Applause.)
My -- my dad was a chain-smoking, Korean War-era veteran, who two days after my 17th birthday took me down to sign up to join the National Guard. (Applause.) I was proud, for the next 24 years, to wear the uniform of this country. (Applause.)
Thank -- thank you to every single one of you who wore that uniform. And I have to tell you, like my dad before me and millions of others, the G.I. Bill gave me a shot at a college education. (Applause.)
And just -- and just like Tilly, my dad was a teacher, my older brother was a teacher, my sister was a teacher, my younger brother was a teacher. (Applause.) And we married teachers, so -- (laughter). The privilege of my lifetime was spending two decades teaching in public schools t- -- (applause) -- and -- and, you might have heard, coaching football to a state championship, so -- (applause). Here's --
AUDIENCE: Coach! Coach! Coach!
GOVERNOR WALZ: Don't ever close that yearbook. That's my pro tip. (Laughter.)
Look, my students and my players are the ones who encouraged me to run for office. They saw in me what I hoped to instill in them: a commitment to a common good and something so important -- the belief, as each and every one of you came here as a single person, a single person can make a difference. (Applause.) Can make a difference.
Never planned in my life to run for office, but I think my life prepared me well. And when my neighbors and -- asked if I'd run for office, I was pretty clueless. I did not know that the district I was running in had only had one Democrat since 1892 before me. (Laughter.) But my community graced me with the opportunity to represent them in the United States Congress for 12 years -- (applause) -- where I had the privilege of serving as the ranking member on the VA committee, working with Republicans to most -- pass the most extensive veterans package since the G.I. Bill. (Applause.)
I learned -- I learned the art of compromising without compromising my values. (Applause.)
And as -- now, as governor, I bring all those experience together to tackle the most pressing challenges we have in the great state of Minnesota. (Applause.)
Now each of you came here -- you came here because you love the country. You came here because you know a fantastic leader is going to walk out those doors in a minute or two, the person that you see bringing everything to us.
But just be very clear here: Donald Trump sees the world very differently than all of us here.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
GOVERNOR WALZ: Each of you talk about service. Donald Trump knows nothing about service. (Applause.) It's --
AUDIENCE MEMBERS: We're not going back! We're not going back! We're not going back!
GOVERNOR WALZ: Yay.
It's pretty hard to provide service to others when you're too busy looking out for only yourself. (Applause.)
Again and again and again Donald Trump made decisions to weaken this country to strengthen his own hand. He mocked our laws, he sowed division and chaos amongst our citizens, and that's to say nothing of his record as president.
He froze in the face of the global COVID pandemic, and our neigh- -- and our neighbors died because of it. By not addressing COVID -- by not addressing COVID, he drove our economy into the ground. (Applause.)
And I just want to set the record straight, because facts do matter, and there's not an alternate set of facts. (Applause.) Here's one for you: Violent crime was up during the Trump presidency, and that's even not counting his crimes. (Laughter.)
Some of you -- some of you gray-hair or no-hairs in here can actually remember a time when Republicans actually talked about freedom and believed in it. Not these guys. These are the guys that believe government should be free to invade your exam room with your doctor.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
GOVERNOR WALZ: I'm sure it's true here in Nevada, as it's true in Minnesota: We respect our neighbors' rights to make their own personal choices. (Applause.)
We don't have to agree with them or make the same choice, but we know that this nation -- things work best when you mind your own damn business. When you mind your own damn business. (Applause.)
I don't -- I don't need any help -- I don't need any help from those guys telling me which books to read. (Applause.)
I sure the heck don't need any lecture about morality from those guys. (Applause.)
And the last thing they can mind their own damn business is I don't need any help from them talking about my family. (Applause.)
And this is where it gets personal, where they want to dictate things like IVF and reproductive care.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
GOVERNOR WALZ: I know there's a lot of you out there -- this is the most personal choices we have. When my wife and I decided to have children, we spent years going through fertility treatments, and I said, I remember --
We have somebody to help? We have water?
AUDIENCE MEMBER: We need a medic.
GOVERNOR WALZ: All right. Thanks for helping your neighbors. But I -- (applause) --
You're going to help them? You're good? All right. Thank you.
I remember those -- waiting for the phone calls. You'd go through the treatments. I would have my neighbor come over to have to give shots to my wife and things like that. And the phone would ring, and you would just hope so highly that it would be good news. And then when you found out the treatments didn't work, it was a darkness that could blot out the sun.
So, I have to tell you, it wasn't by chance when that phone call finally came and we found out we were going to welcome our daughter into the world -- (applause) -- we -- we named her the most powerful word in the universe: Hope. Hope. (Applause.)
So, when you hear -- when you hear Kamala Harris and I talk about freedom -- we're very clear about this -- we mean the freedom to make your own health care decisions -- (applause) -- and that your children should be free to go to school without worrying about being shot dead in their classroom. (Applause.)
Look, again, I know Nevada is a lot like Minnesota. In Minnesota, we believe in the Second Amendment, but we also believe in commonsense gun violence laws. (Applause.)
Vice President Harris believes education be a -- should be a ticket to the middle class, not crippling student loan debt. (Applause.)
And we come here today because in 87 days, we're going to settle our political differences not through violence; we're going to settle it by beating them at the ballot box. (Applause.)
So, look, I keep saying this. This is a pretty -- a pretty simple thing here. This election is about the choice about what direction this country will go in. And I want to be clear, I know very clearly that I am preaching to the choir, but here's my words for you: The choir needs to sing. The choir needs to
sing. (Applause.)
So, the other day I was saying this -- I started out by saying, "Don't believe Donald Trump when he plays dumb about 2025," but then I remembered, you don't believe him on anything, because that's what you shouldn't believe. (Applause.)
But, look, I coached football for enough years -- when somebody draws up a playbook, they plan on using it -- (applause) -- and when they do, they'll restrict our freedoms. When they do, they'll do what they've done: They'll rig the economy so that the middle class gets nothing and the rich get richer.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
GOVERNOR WALZ: If this guy gets an opportunity again, he won't only pick up where he left off, it will be much worse than it was last time. He'll gut Social Security, pull your health care, underfund public schools -- all of it.
AUDIENCE: We're not going back! We're not going back!
GOVERNOR WALZ: That's damn right.
AUDIENCE: We're not going back!
GOVERNOR WALZ: Damn right. We're not going back.
AUDIENCE: We're not going back! We're not going back! We're not going back!
GOVERNOR WALZ: Look, this guy is not fighting for you or your family. He doesn't give a damn. And his running mate shares his dangerous and backward agenda.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
GOVERNOR WALZ: I said this: All of my friends, we went to Yale, had billionaires fund our career, and then we write a book trashing our neighbors that raised us.
Come on. We're better than that. We're better than that.
And I said it -- I want to be clear: I didn't call anybody names. I spent enough years in that lunchroom to know bullies when I see them. I just made a very clear observation that they seem to be really concerned about. I pointed out that taking away reproductive freedoms, banning books, raising the price of inlin -- insulin, trying to hurt labor unions -- nobody is asking for that weird crap. No one is asking for it. (Applause.)
Here is the good news. We do the work -- this is about the future. We do the work, none of that's going to happen. Vice President Harris believes in those freedoms. She knows that every single person should get a chance at the middle class. She believes in something so beautiful: the promise of America. It's that simple: the promise of America. (Applause.)
Madam Vice President, I want to say thank you for putting the trust in me to be your running mate. (Applause.) And I want to say, she has done so much. And with you together, it's reminded us about something. It's reminded us that this work can be about goodness. It can be about smiling. It's tough work, but we can be happy doing it. (Applause.)
And -- and Kamala Harris has done something that we for forever be grateful for her: She has brought out the joy in our politics. (Applause.)
Nevada, join me in welcoming the next president of the United States, Kamala Harris. (Applause.)
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Hey, Nevada! (Applause.) Can we hear it for Tim Walz? (Applause.)
Oh, it's so good to be back. Good evening, everyone. (Applause.) Good evening. Good evening. (Applause.)
Oh, I see lots of friends. Oh, it is good to be back. It is good to be back. (Applause.) Thank you all. My goodness. (Applause.)
S- -- but, seriously, isn't Tim Walz fantastic? (Applause.)
And I know, for some folks, you're just getting to know him and you've heard he's had many titles over his life: governor, congressman, dad, husband, coach. (Laughs.) (Applause.) But in 87 days, our nation is going to know Coach Walz as vice president of the United States of America. (Applause.) That's right.
And it is so good to be here with so many incredible leaders, including my dear friends Senator Catherine Cortez Masto -- (applause); Senator Jacky Rosen -- (applause) -- who we will reelect to the United States Senate -- (applause); Congressmembers Dina Titus -- (applause), Steven Horsford -- (applause), and Susie Lee. (Applause.)
And I know Culinary 226 is in the house. (Applause.) (Inaudible) --
AUDIENCE: 226! 226! 226!
THE VICE PRESIDENT: That's right.
AUDIENCE: 226! 226!
THE VICE PRESIDENT: And the culinary union, as everyone in Nevada knows, they have helped lead the way in our country for workers' rights and workers' dignity. (Applause.)
And I have to say, for years, I've been so proud to work by your side. When I was attorney general of California, we worked together to crack down on wage theft. (Applause.) When I was a United States senator, we fought together for paid family leave and medical leave. (Applause.) And earlier this year, right here in Vegas, we celebrated your historic contract win. (Applause.)
And it is my promise to everyone here, when I am president, we will continue our fight for working families of America -- (applause) -- including to raise the minimum wage -- (applause) -- and eliminate taxes on tips for service and hospitality workers. (Applause.)
And, Nevada, today, I also bring greetings from our incredible president, Joe Biden. (Applause.) Joe.
AUDIENCE: Joe! Joe! Joe!
THE VICE PRESIDENT: We love Joe.
AUDIENCE: We love Joe! We love Joe! We love Joe!
THE VICE PRESIDENT: That's great. That's great.
And I know -- I'm going to tell him what you all just said. (Laughter.)
And I know we are all so deeply grateful to Joe Biden for his lifetime of service to our nation -- (applause) -- and he's not done. And he's not done.
So, as I said, it's so good to be back in Las Vegas. The last time I was here, I stopped by the practice for the Men's National Basketball Team before they headed out to the Olympics. (Applause.)
And maybe you saw it on your phone, but just a few hours ago in Paris, they won the gold. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!
THE VICE PRESIDENT: And I got more for you. A few hours before that, our Women's National Soccer Team won the gold as well. (Applause.)
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!
THE VICE PRESIDENT: USA. USA. That's right.
So, in one sport after another, Team USA continues to make our nation proud. (Applause.) So much to celebrate. So much to celebrate.
So, Nevada, we have 87 days until the election -- 87 days. And here's the thing --
AUDIENCE MEMBERS: We got your back! (Applause.)
THE VICE PRESIDENT: But here's the thing. Here's the thing. We know this will be a tight race until the very end, and so let's not pay too much attention to the polls, because we have some hard work ahead of us. But we like hard work. (Applause.) Hard work is good work. (Applause.) And with your help this November, we will win. (Applause.) We will win. We will win. We will win.
AUDIENCE: We will win! We will win!
THE VICE PRESIDENT: And I know we are all clear -- toward that win, we are all clear about what we are up against.
As many of you know, before I was elected vice president, before I was elected a United States senator, I was an elected attorney general and, before that, district attorney. (Applause.) And before that, I was a courtroom prosecutor. (Applause.)
In those roles -- in those roles, I took on perpetrators of all kinds -- (applause): predators who abused women, fraudsters who ripped off consumers, scammers who broke the rules for personal gain. So, Nevada, hear me when I say I know Donald Trump's type. (Applause.) (Laughs.) I do. I do.
AUDIENCE: Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up!
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Whoa, whoa, hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. The courts are going to take care of that. We just going to beat them in November. We'll beat them in November. (Applause.) We'll beat them in November.
But I've certainly been dealing with people like him my entire career.
For example, as attorney general of California, I took on one of our country's largest for-profit colleges that scammed students. Well, Donald Trump ran a for-profit college that scammed students.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Remember that.
As a prosecutor, I specialized in cases of sexual abuse. Well, Donald Trump was found liable for committing sexual abuse.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: As attorney general, I held Wall Street banks accountable for fraud. Well -- (applause) -- Donald Trump was just found guilty of fraud -- 34 counts. (Applause.)
All of this is to say, in this campaign, I will proudly put my record against his every day of the week -- every day of
the week. (Applause.)
That being said, let's make no mistake: This campaign is not just about us versus Donald Trump. It is about two different visions for our nation: one, ours, focused on the future; the other focused on the past.
AUDIENCE: We're not going back! We're not going back!
THE VICE PRESIDENT: But we're not going back.
AUDIENCE: We're not going back! We're not going back! We're not going back!
THE VICE PRESIDENT: We're not going back. We are not going back.
And we're not going back because, Nevada, we fight for the future -- (applause) -- a future with affordable health care, affordable childcare, and paid leave. (Applause.)
We fight for a future where we build a broad-based economy, where every American has an opportunity to own a home, to start a business, and to build wealth. (Applause.)
We believe in a future where we lower the cost of living for America's families so they have a chance not just to get by but to get ahead -- to get ahead. (Applause.)
Because, look, while our economy is doing well by many measures, prices for everyday things like groceries are still too high. You know it and I know it.
When I was attorney general, I went after price-fixing schemes, and when I am president, I will continue that work to bring down prices. (Applause.) I will take on big corporations that engage in illegal price gouging, corporate landlords that unfairly raise rents on working families, and -- (applause) -- and take on Big Pharma and cap the cost of prescription drugs for all Americans. (Applause.)
Unlike Donald Trump, I will always -- I promise you -- put the middle class and working families first. (Applause.)
Because, you see, Tim Walz and I may not appear to have a whole lot in common, but we have so much in common. And I'll tell you what he and I know: The middle class built the United States of America -- (applause) -- and when the middle class is strong, America is strong. (Applause.)
And so, while we together work to move our nation forward, Donald Trump has a different plan. Just look at his Project 2025 agenda.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Which I keep saying, I can't believe they put that in writing. (Laughter.) So, if he is elected, Donald Trump intends to give tax breaks to billionaires and big corporations.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: He intends to cut Social Security and Medicare.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: And he intends to surrender our fight against the climate crisis.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: And I don't need to tell Nevada every day, because you feel the impact of extreme heat and drought. (Applause.) You know the climate crisis is real. But Donald Trump, well, he claims it's a hoax.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: And on top of this, if Donald Trump were to win in November -- he won't -- (applause) -- but if he were to win in November, he intends to end the Affordable Care Act.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Think about that. To take us back to a time when insurance companies had the power to deny people with preexisting conditions.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: You remember what that was like? Children with asthma. Breast cancer survivors. Grandparents with diabetes.
Look, America has tried these failed policies before, and we are not --
AUDIENCE: Going back!
THE VICE PRESIDENT: -- going back. (Applause.) We are not going back. We are not going back.
AUDIENCE: We're not going back! We're not going back! We're not going back!
THE VICE PRESIDENT: No. And we are going to move forward. We will move forward. (Applause.)
And in moving forward, we will take on the biggest issues facing our nation. For example, we will address the issue of immigration. (Applause.)
I was the attorney of a border state -- attorney general of a border state. I went after transnational gangs, drug cartels, and human traffickers who came into our country illegally. I prosecuted them in case after case, and I won. (Applause.)
We know our immigration system is broken, and we know what it takes to fix it: comprehensive reform that includes, yes, strong border security and an earned pathway to citizenship. (Applause.)
But Donald Trump doesn't want to fix this problem. He talks a big game about a lot of things. (Laughter.) But he talks a big game about border security, but he does not walk the walk.
Earlier this year, we had a chance to pass the toughest bipartisan border security bill in decades, but Donald Trump tanked the bill because he thought it would help him win an election.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Well, when I am president, I will sign that bill into law. (Applause.)
Nevada, ours is a fight for the future, and it is a fight for freedom. (Applause.)
Across our nation, we have been witnessing a full-on assault on hard-won, hard-fought freedoms and fundamental rights: the -- the freedom to vote, the freedom to be safe from gun violence, the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride -- (applause) -- and the freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government tell her what to do. (Applause.) A fight for freedom.
And on that last point, we all know how we got here. When he was president, Donald Trump handpicked three members of the United States Supreme Court --
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: -- because he intended for them to undo the protections of Roe v. Wade. And as he intended, they did.
Now in more than 20 states, there is a Trump abortion ban, many with no exceptions even for rape and incest.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: And be sure, if he were to win, he would sign a national abortion ban, which would outlaw abortion in every state, even Nevada.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: But we are not going to let that happen -- (applause) -- because we trust women. (Applause.)
And when I am president of the United States and Congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedoms, I will sign it into law. (Applause.)
So, I know the folks who are here. I know the people of Nevada; you are Battle Born. (Applause.) You are Battle Born. And if Donald Trump wants to pick a fight over our most fundamental freedoms, we say: Bring it on. Bring it on. (Applause.) Bring it on.
AUDIENCE: Bring it on! Bring it on! Bring it on!
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Because we're ready. We're ready.
So, Nevada, generations -- generations of Americans before us led the fight for freedom. Now the baton is in our hands. (Applause.) Each and every one of us.
So, we who believe in the sacred freedom to vote will finally pass the John Lewis Voting Rights Act and the Freedom to Vote Act. (Applause.)
And we who believe in the freedom to live safe from gun violence will finally pass an assault weapons ban, universal
background checks, and red flag laws. (Applause.)
So much is on the line. So much is on the line in this election. And understand this is not 2016. This is not 2020. This time around, the stakes are even higher, and that's because last month, the Supreme Court of the United States basically told --
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: -- the former president that going forward, he will effectively be immune no matter what he does in the White House.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: But -- but think about what that means. Think about what that means.
So, Donald Trump has vowed to be a dictator on day one if reelected.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: He said he will weaponize, essentially, the Department of Justice against his political enemies.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: And even called for the, quote, "termination" of the Constitution of the United States.
AUDIENCE: Booo --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Let us be very clear: Someone who suggests we should terminate the Constitution of the United States should never again stand behind the seal of president of the United States. (Applause.) Never again.
AUDIENCE: USA! USA! USA!
THE VICE PRESIDENT: That's right. That's right. That's right.
We know what we stand for as Americans. And, you know, it all comes down to this. We are here together because we love our country. (Applause.) We love our country. And I do believe it is the highest form of patriotism to fight for the ideals of our country. (Applause.)
That is how we preserve the promise of America. And think about it, after all, the promise of America is what makes it possible for Tim Walz and me to be together on this stage today. (Applause.) Think about that. Think about that. Think about it.
Two middle-class kids. One a daughter of Oakland, California -- (applause) -- who was raised by a working mother. I had a summer job at McDonald's. (Applause.) The other, a son of the Nebraska plains, who grew up working on a farm. (Applause.) Think about it. Think about it. Only in America is it possible that the two of them would be running together all the way to the White House. (Applause.) Only in America.
Only in America.
So, look --
AUDIENCE MEMBER: We love you!
THE VICE PRESIDENT: And I love you back. (Applause.) I love you back.
So, look, we are -- together, we are running this campaign on behalf of all Americans -- (applause) -- from red states to blue states, from the heartland to the coast. And when elected, we will govern on behalf of all Americans. (Applause.) All Americans.
So, Nevada, ultimately, in this election, I believe we each face a question: What kind of country do we want to live in? A country of chaos, fear, and hate?
AUDIENCE: Noo --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Or a country of freedom, compassion, and rule of law? (Applause.)
And the beauty -- and the beauty of our democracy -- here's the thing. The beauty of our democracy is we each -- each person has the power -- each person has the power to answer that question. (Applause.) The power is with the people. The power is with the people. (Applause.) It's with the people.
And so, in the next 87 days, we need you to use your power -- (laughs) -- (applause) -- to knock on doors, register folks to vote, and make your voices heard. (Applause.)
So, Nevada, today, I ask you: Are you ready to make your voices heard? (Applause.)
Do we believe in freedom? (Applause.)
Do we believe in opportunity? (Applause.)
Do we believe in the promise of America? (Applause.)
And are we ready to fight for it? (Applause.)
And when we fight --
AUDIENCE: We win!
THE VICE PRESIDENT: -- we win!
God bless you. God bless the United States of America. (Applause.)
Kamala Harris, Remarks by the Vice President with Governor Tim Walz at a Campaign Event in Las Vegas, Nevada Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/373797
The American Presidency Project John Woolley and Gerhard Peters Contact
Twitter Facebook
Copyright © The American Presidency Project Terms of Service | Privacy | Accessibility
Remarks by the Vice President with Governor Tim Walz at a Campaign Event in Las Vegas, Nevada
Simple Search of Our Archives
Kamala Harris
Filed Under
Report a Typo
>> WE HAVE A $25,000 MATCHING GIFT!!!  << Your donation through April 11 12 is worth DOUBLE! Your gift to the American Presidency Project sustains the preeminent, non-partisan, online resource for Presidential papers starting with George Washington. Please help us!  WE'RE CLOSE! Give Today ! GIVE NOW
dismiss for 30 days


================================================================================
Full transcript: Vice President Kamala Harris interviewed by NBC News' Hallie Jackson (October 22, 2024)
URL: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2024-election/transcript-president-kamala-harris-interview-nbc-news-hallie-jackson-rcna176330
Scraped on: 2025-04-11 23:30:04

2024 Election Full transcript: Vice President Kamala Harris interviewed by NBC News' Hallie Jackson The interview was conducted Tuesday in Washington, D.C. 0 seconds of 21 minutes, 45 seconds Volume 0% Press shift question mark to access a list of keyboard shortcuts Keyboard Shortcuts Enabled Disabled Play/Pause SPACE Increase Volume ↑ Decrease Volume ↓ Seek Forward → Seek Backward ← Captions On/Off c Fullscreen/Exit Fullscreen f Mute/Unmute m Decrease Caption Size - Increase Caption Size + or = Seek % 0-9 Settings Off CC English Font Color White Font Opacity 100% Font Size 100% Font Family Arial Character Edge None Background Color Black Background Opacity 50% Window Color Black Window Opacity 0% Reset White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan 100% 75% 50% 25% 200% 175% 150% 125% 100% 75% 50% Arial Courier Georgia Impact Lucida Console Tahoma Times New Roman Trebuchet MS Verdana None Raised Depressed Uniform Drop Shadow White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan 100% 75% 50% 25% 0% White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan 100% 75% 50% 25% 0% Auto 540p (1706 kbps) 1080p (4577 kbps) 720p (3476 kbps) 540p (1706 kbps) 360p (909 kbps) 270p (472 kbps) 270p (267 kbps) Live 00:02 21:42 21:45 Kamala Harris full interview: ‘Absolutely’ the country is ready for a woman to be president 21:46 Get more news Live on Save with a NBCUniversal Profile Create your free profile or log in to save this article Oct. 22, 2024, 6:41 PM EDT By NBC News Vice President Kamala Harris was interviewed Tuesday by NBC News' Hallie Jackson at the Naval Observatory in Washington, D.C. Read the full transcript: JACKSON: Thank you, Madam Vice President, for your time today. HARRIS: I’m glad to be with you. Thank you. JACKSON: We were just talking about the campaign trail yesterday, and these key Rust Belt battlegrounds, as they call them, talking with undecided voters. You are reaching out that olive branch to these voters, you want to bring them on board. For them, for so many voters, we know that a huge issue for them is the economy. It’s the cost of living. I’ve been on the campaign trail. I hear that in the field again and again. You look at some of the numbers on this, and our new NBC News poll shows that more voters think that the Biden administration policies have hurt them rather than help them, rather than help them. And I wonder, are the last four years an obstacle to you in this race? HARRIS: Here’s how I look at it. First of all, let me be very clear, mine will not be a continuation of the Biden administration. I bring my own experiences, my own ideas to it, and it has informed a number of my areas of focus, most of which are on to your point, lowering costs. I have been traveling the country. I am very clear; the cost of groceries is still too high. The voters know it, I know it. So part of my plan includes what we need to do to bring down the price of groceries, including the work I will do dealing with price gouging, something I dealt with when I was attorney general, something I would deal with going forward. Cost of housing. You know, I’m speaking with people of every background in every area of the country, of every age. And, you know, the idea of the American dream was something that previous generations could count on, not as much anymore. Bringing down the cost of housing by doing what I have done in my career, that perhaps is a, is a different approach, which is really actively working with the private sector. For example, home builders, to create incentives for them to build millions of new homes and housing units so we can bring down the cost, including what I will do to give people a $25,000 down payment assistance if they are a first time home buyer. So these are examples. The example is what I’m going to do to expand the Child Tax Credit. Because, listen, young parents in particular, they need help. They have a natural desire to parent their children well, but not all of the resources. 6000 extra dollars in the first year of their child’s life can help them buy a crib, or a car seat, or clothes, the things that are so crucial to that phase of their child’s development. So my plans and my policies are really directed at exactly your point: doing what we must do to bring down the cost of living, but also to help people not just get by, but get ahead. And I’m proud to report to you that economists from Nobel laureates to Goldman Sachs have reviewed my economic plan versus Donald Trump’s, and in comparison, have found that my plans will strengthen America’s economy, his plans will weaken America’s economy. JACKSON: Then why do you think that’s not landing with voters? [xtalk] HARRIS: Oh, but I think it is. JACKSON: Because in the numbers, it’s the opposite. Former President Trump leads you on this issue. HARRIS: Well, when I’m out, this is why I’m going out to Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and — JACKSON: And Michigan. HARRIS: Michigan. Excuse me. Just got in late this morning, actually. But going to three states yesterday, and I’m going to continue being on the road. I have to earn the vote, and it means sharing with folks my plan, but also offering them what objective analysts have shown to be the contrast between me and Donald Trump. My plans are focused on working people, the middle class, and what we must do to strengthen hard working people to be able to do what they dream and aspire to be able to do. His plans are about giving tax cuts, massive tax cuts to billionaires and big corporations. His so-called plan for the economy, economists have estimated will exacerbate inflation and invite a recession by the middle of next year. So, this is a huge difference between he and I. JACKSON: Let me ask you about something that you said when you were running for president the last time around, back in 2019. At the time, you said that the elephant in the room was whether the country was ready for a woman and a woman of color to be president. So, let me ask you, as you sit here today, do you think the country is ready now for a woman and a woman of color to be president? HARRIS: Absolutely, absolutely. And I am seeing that in terms of every walk of life of our country. You know I think part of what is important in this election is really not only turning the page, but closing the page and the chapter on an era that suggests that Americans are divided. What I know from personal experience, from lived experience, and from my travels, even most recently, the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us. And what the American people want in their president is a president for all Americans, which is the type and kind of president I pledge to be. This is my life’s work. As you know, I started as a prosecutor, I never asked a victim of crime, a witness to crime, are you a Republican or Democrat. The only thing I ever asked them is, are you OK? And that’s what the American people want to know, regardless of their race, regardless of their gender, or their age. They want to know that they have a president who sees them and understands their needs and focuses on their needs, understanding we all deserve to have a president who is focused on solutions and not just fanning the flames of division and hate. JACKSON: You’ve been reluctant to lean into, to talk about the historic nature of your candidacy on the campaign trail. Why is that? HARRIS: Well, I’m clearly a woman, [laughs] I don’t need to point that out to anyone. The point that most people really care about is, can you do the job, and do you have a plan to actually focus on them? JACKSON: I hear you on that. [xtalk] HARRIS: That is, that is why I spend the majority of my time listening and then addressing the concerns, the challenges, the dreams, the ambitions, and aspirations of the American people. They deserve to have a president who’s focused on them, as opposed to a Donald Trump who’s constantly focused on himself. I think that’s part of why people are exhausted with Donald Trump and his approach, because it’s all about himself and his personal grievances, and not about the American people, not about how are you going to help families, how are you going to help small businesses, how are you going to strengthen our economy? These are the things I’m focused on. I’m focused on investing in the new industries, on which America should lead and be a global leader. JACKSON: I ask because to implement the agenda that you want to implement, you have to win first. You have to win the White House. [xtalk] HARRIS: Of course. Of course. JACKSON: And right now, there is a big gender gap in this race. Fewer men support you right now than they did President Biden. Some of your allies have suggested there’s sexism at play. I wonder, do you think there is sexism at play here? HARRIS: Let me just tell you something, you’ve come to my events, and you will see there are men and women at those events, whether it be small events or events with 10,000 people. So, the experience that I am having is one in which it is clear that regardless of someone’s gender, they want to know that their president has a plan to lower costs, that their president has a plan to secure America in the context of our position around the world. They want a president of the United States who honors our military, who understands the importance of America’s leadership around international rules and norms, and that is regardless of gender. [xtalk] JACKSON: So, is that a no? [xtalk] HARRIS: And that’s how I will lead. JACKSON: Do you not see sexism as a factor in this race at all? HARRIS: I don’t think of it that way. My challenge is the challenge of making sure I can talk with and listen to as many voters as possible and earn their vote. And I will never assume that anyone in our country should elect a leader based on their gender or their race, instead that that leader needs to earn the vote based on substance and what they will do to address challenges, and to inspire people to know that their aspirations and their ambitions can and will be achieved through the opportunity to do that. JACKSON: Some of those voters that I spoke with at some of the events yesterday, for example, talked about they were there to support you, but also your agenda when it comes to reproductive rights and abortion access, and you have cast this as a matter of literal life and death as an urgent priority here. If you win, it is entirely possible that Congress will be controlled by Republicans. So what specific concessions would you be willing to make in order to get something done on abortion access as soon as possible? HARRIS: Well, first of all, look at what has happened since the Dobbs decision came down, a decision that is a direct result of the fact that Donald Trump hand selected three members of the United States Supreme Court with the intention they would undo the protections of Roe. They did as he intended. And now in 20 states, we have Trump abortion bans, which some make no exceptions for rape or incest. Which criminalizes health care providers, in a state like Texas, prison for life for doctors and nurses if they provide reproductive care. And where we have seen this issue on the ballot, to your point about elections, from red states to blue states, when freedom is on the ballot, the American people vote for freedom regardless of the party they are registered to vote with. We have seen that. And I know that there are members of the United States Congress who are well aware that their constituents are in favor of the very fundamental principle that a woman should be able to make decisions about her own body, and not have her government tell her what to do. JACKSON: So is a question of pragmatism then: what concessions would be on the table? Religious exemptions, for example, is that something that you would consider with a Republican controlled Congress? [xtalk] HARRIS: I don’t think we should be making concessions when we’re talking about a fundamental freedom to make decisions about your own body. JACKSON: To Republicans like, for example, Susan Collins, Lisa Murkowski, who would back something like this on a Democratic agenda, if, in fact, Republicans control Congress, would you offer them an olive branch, or is that off the table? Is that not an option for you? HARRIS: I’m not gonna engage in hypotheticals because we could go on a variety of scenarios. Let’s just start with a fundamental fact, a basic freedom has been taken from the women of America: the freedom to make decisions about their own body., And that cannot be negotiable, which is that we need to put back in the protections of Roe v Wade. And that is it. JACKSON: But what if you can’t do that? What if you can’t get that passed, and you want to save lives in Florida, and in Texas, and in Georgia? What do you do with that? HARRIS: I’m not going to go down that rabbit hole with you right now. Cause right now — [xtalk] JACKSON: It’s a question that’s out there, because it’s not a guarantee that Democrats will win control of Congress. HARRIS: Well, I’m doing everything I can to make that sure we do. On this issue I think that what is clear to me is whether someone is, I was just with one of the leaders, and I think opinion leaders in the Republican party. Liz Cheney, who has, she has, as she has stated publicly and has expressed her private feelings. JACKSON: She said it on stage yesterday. HARRIS: She is pro-life, but she also understands the pain and the tragedy that has happened since Donald Trump allowed Roe v Wade to be overturned. So that’s my point about what is non-negotiable. It has to be that we agree that it is so fundamental that we allow women the ability with their doctor, with, if they choose, talking with their faith leader, to be able to make these decisions and not have the government tell her what to do. Recommended White House White House White House moves Obama portrait to display painting of Trump after assassination attempt news news Trump floats plan for undocumented farm and hotel workers to work legally in the U.S. JACKSON: On the question of your beliefs, what you believe in, let me ask you this question, very broadly speaking here: do you believe that transgender Americans should have access to gender-affirming care in this country? HARRIS: I think we should follow the law. I mean, I think you’re probably pointing to the fact that Donald Trump’s campaign has spent tens of millions of dollars… [xtalk] JACKSON: They’re trying to define you on this, I’m asking you to define yourself, though, just broadly speaking, what is your value? Do you believe they should have that access? HARRIS: I believe that people, as the law states, even on this issue about federal law, that that is a decision that doctors will make in terms of what is medically necessary. I’m not going to put myself in a position of a doctor. But let’s also understand that Donald Trump is running tens of millions of dollars in ads to talk about two cases to distract from the fact that his policy and plan is also to take away the, the Affordable Care Act, which provides healthcare for tens of millions of people in our country. That his plan is to undo the cap — the $35 a month cap on insulin that impacts millions of seniors in our country. That his plan is to do away with the $2,000 cap on prescription medication, the annual cap. That his plan is to get rid of the Department of Education, which would mean getting rid of Head Start. That his plan is to give tax cuts to billionaires and big corporations and on the backs of middle class working people. So, let’s not get distracted by the issues, that, to your point, from the introductory point you raised, people want to know that their president has a plan to make their life better, and that includes addressing bringing down the cost of living. It includes dealing with prescription medication costs. It includes addressing the housing crisis and affordable housing crisis in our country. It includes supporting our small businesses, investing in American industries and strengthening our economy. JACKSON: I will move on, but I don’t know that I heard a clear answer from you on the issue of gender-affirming care. It sounds like what you’re saying is there should be something between trans Americans and their doctors? It feels like that’s a long way from “we see you and we love you,” which was your message to trans-Americans in May? What do you want the LGBTQ plus community to know as they’re looking for a full throated backing from you for trans, for trans Americans? HARRIS: I believe that all people should be treated with dignity and respect, period, and should not be vilified for who they are, and should not be bullied for who they are. And that is a true statement for me my entire career. And that has not changed. JACKSON: Part of the case that you’re making to undecided voters and to these late deciding voters is not just the case for you, for what you would do, it’s the case against former President Trump. And on that. We are sitting here two weeks away from election night. Last election, the former president came out on election night and declared victory before all the votes were counted. What is your plan if he does that again in two weeks? HARRIS: Well, let me say this, we’ve got two weeks to go, and I’m very much grounded in the present, in terms of the task at hand, and we will deal with election night and the days after, as they come, and we have the resources and the expertise and the focus on that as well. JACKSON: So, you have teams ready to go. Is that what you’re saying? Are you thinking about that as a possibility? HARRIS: Of course. This is a person, Donald Trump, who tried to undo the, a free and fair election, who still denies the will of the people, who incited a violent mob to attack the United States Capitol and 140 law enforcement officers were attacked. Some who were killed. This is a serious matter. The American people are, at this point, two weeks out, being presented with a very, very serious decision about what will be the future of our country. And it includes whether we are a country that values a president who respects their duty to uphold the Constitution of the United States. Donald Trump has said he would terminate the Constitution of the United States. The American people are being presented with a choice here about whether we want a president who understands that America must stand strong as a leader around the globe, or an individual in Donald Trump who openly admires dictators. My goodness, recent reports that he gave COVID tests to the President of Russia during the height of the pandemic here, when Americans couldn’t get their hands on covid tests, these are the choices before the American people right now. The choice before the American people is the choice to choose to turn the page on the division and the hate and to bring our country together knowing the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us. And that we can be optimistic about a new generation of leadership that is focused on what we have yet to achieve, to uplifting the American people. JACKSON: If you win, it is entirely possible that the federal court cases against the former president will continue on. He is, of course, facing those felony charges. Would you consider if you win and he’s convicted, a pardon for former President Trump? HARRIS: I’m not going to get into those hypotheticals. I’m focused on the next 14 days. JACKSON: But do you believe, is there any part of you that subscribes to the argument that has been made in the past that a pardon could help bring America together, could help you unify the country and move them, move on. HARRIS: Let me tell you what’s going to help us move on. I get elected President of the United States. JACKSON: One of the things you talked about is having a Republican in your camp- in your cabinet, potentially. HARRIS: Yes. JACKSON: You spent a lot of time on the campaign trail with former Congresswoman Liz Cheney, as you referenced, is she somebody who, is she somebody who would consider putting in the cabinet? Have you talked with her about this topic? HARRIS: I’ll keep you posted. JACKSON: Okay. On immigration, because this is another issue that’s really important to Americans here. HARRIS: Sure. JACKSON: Immigration and Customs, Customs Enforcement, of course, back in 2019 you stopped short of calling to abolish ICE, as some Democrats were doing at the time. But you also said — [xtalk] HARRIS: I’ve never called for abolishing ICE. JACKSON: Correct. You stopped short of that. That’s right, that’s right. You said we should critically, critically re-examine it and you considered starting from scratch. Would you consider, if you’re president, starting from scratch with ICE? HARRIS: Let me tell you what the Customs and Border Patrol agents need, what the immigration system needs, is it needs to be fixed, and it needs to be fixed in a number of ways that include bringing forth a bill that conservative members of Congress, along with others, pulled together, that we supported actively, that would put 1500 more border agents at the border. To give those folks who are working around the clock and need support the assistance they need to get their job done. What we would do with that bill, if it were brought forward is be able to continue to stem the flow of fentanyl coming into the United States, which is ravaging countries around, I mean communities around our country. It would give us more resources to do what we need to do to prosecute transnational criminal organizations, something I have done. But what happened to that bill? Donald Trump got word of it and told his friends in Congress, kill the bill, don’t bring it forward, because Donald Trump would prefer to run on a problem instead of fixing a problem. And again, in this election, there are two very different choices, one that is focused on solutions, and the other that is focused on constant grievance and running on problems with no agenda for fixing them, and in fact, on this issue of immigration, he has been an obstacle to fixing this problem. My proposal includes strengthening what we must do to ensure that we have an orderly and humane immigration system and that we fix what has been bro- broken for a long time. It has transcended administrations, and it needs to be fixed. JACKSON: You have made it clear that you believe this is a binary choice between you and Donald Trump. That’s — those are candidates that are on the ballot, of course. HARRIS: There’s only two choices…yes. JACKSON: Of course, yes, but, and I know that Joe Biden is not on the ballot, I understand that, but the reason that you are at the top of the ticket is because he dropped out of this race. And so I want to ask you, and it was largely because of that debate performance back in June. You defended him in the days before and in the days after, as you were campaigning for another four years for President Biden. Can you say that you were honest with the American people about what you saw in those moments with President Biden, as you were with him again and again, repeatedly in that time? HARRIS: Of course. Joe Biden is an — extremely accomplished, experienced and capable in every way that anyone would want if they’re president. Absolutely. JACKSON: And you never saw anything like what happened at the debate night behind closed doors with him? HARRIS: It was a bad debate. People have bad debates. That — he is absolutely…[xtalk] JACKSON: But that’s the reason why you’re here, and he’s not running for the top of the ticket. HARRIS: Well, you’d have to ask him if that’s the only reason why. JACKSON: What do you think? HARRIS: I am running for President of the United States. Joe Biden is not, and my presidency will be about bringing a new generation of leadership to America that is focused on the work that we need to do, to invest in the ambitions and aspirations of the American people. JACKSON: It’s a judgment question, that’s why I ask. Can the American people trust you in these moments, even when it’s maybe uncomfortable for Americans to have, to level with Americans in that way? So that’s why I ask. And it sounds like what you’re saying is you feel like you feel like you never saw anything like that from President Biden? HARRIS: I have worked with Joe Biden, whether — hours and hours and hours over these four years, whether it be in the Situation Room or the Oval Office. Joe Biden is the one who was able to bring NATO together during a crisis where for the first time in 70 years Europe saw and has seen war. Joe Biden has done the work that has been about being a leader on what we have done to fix so much of what has been broken in terms of the economy because of Donald Trump’s mismanagement. I speak with not only sincerity, but with a real first hand account of watching him do this work. I have no reluctance in saying that. No, of course I don’t. JACKSON: Madam Vice President, thank you for your time.I appreciate you being with us today. HARRIS: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. JACKSON: We’ll talk again soon, I hope. Two weeks left. Thank you NBC News
Full transcript: Vice President Kamala Harris interviewed by NBC News' Hallie Jackson
More From NBC
Follow NBC News
news Alerts
There are no new alerts at this time
Vice President Kamala Harris was interviewed Tuesday by NBC News' Hallie Jackson at the Naval Observatory in Washington, D.C.
Read the full transcript:
JACKSON: Thank you, Madam Vice President, for your time today.
HARRIS: I’m glad to be with you. Thank you.
JACKSON: We were just talking about the campaign trail yesterday, and these key Rust Belt battlegrounds, as they call them, talking with undecided voters. You are reaching out that olive branch to these voters, you want to bring them on board. For them, for so many voters, we know that a huge issue for them is the economy. It’s the cost of living. I’ve been on the campaign trail. I hear that in the field again and again. You look at some of the numbers on this, and our new NBC News poll shows that more voters think that the Biden administration policies have hurt them rather than help them, rather than help them. And I wonder, are the last four years an obstacle to you in this race?
HARRIS: Here’s how I look at it. First of all, let me be very clear, mine will not be a continuation of the Biden administration. I bring my own experiences, my own ideas to it, and it has informed a number of my areas of focus, most of which are on to your point, lowering costs. I have been traveling the country. I am very clear; the cost of groceries is still too high. The voters know it, I know it.
So part of my plan includes what we need to do to bring down the price of groceries, including the work I will do dealing with price gouging, something I dealt with when I was attorney general, something I would deal with going forward. Cost of housing. You know, I’m speaking with people of every background in every area of the country, of every age. And, you know, the idea of the American dream was something that previous generations could count on, not as much anymore. Bringing down the cost of housing by doing what I have done in my career, that perhaps is a, is a different approach, which is really actively working with the private sector.
For example, home builders, to create incentives for them to build millions of new homes and housing units so we can bring down the cost, including what I will do to give people a $25,000 down payment assistance if they are a first time home buyer. So these are examples. The example is what I’m going to do to expand the Child Tax Credit. Because, listen, young parents in particular, they need help.
They have a natural desire to parent their children well, but not all of the resources. 6000 extra dollars in the first year of their child’s life can help them buy a crib, or a car seat, or clothes, the things that are so crucial to that phase of their child’s development. So my plans and my policies are really directed at exactly your point: doing what we must do to bring down the cost of living, but also to help people not just get by, but get ahead.
And I’m proud to report to you that economists from Nobel laureates to Goldman Sachs have reviewed my economic plan versus Donald Trump’s, and in comparison, have found that my plans will strengthen America’s economy, his plans will weaken America’s economy.
JACKSON: Then why do you think that’s not landing with voters? [xtalk]
HARRIS: Oh, but I think it is.
JACKSON: Because in the numbers, it’s the opposite. Former President Trump leads you on this issue.
HARRIS: Well, when I’m out, this is why I’m going out to Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and —
JACKSON: And Michigan.
HARRIS: Michigan. Excuse me. Just got in late this morning, actually. But going to three states yesterday, and I’m going to continue being on the road. I have to earn the vote, and it means sharing with folks my plan, but also offering them what objective analysts have shown to be the contrast between me and Donald Trump. My plans are focused on working people, the middle class, and what we must do to strengthen hard working people to be able to do what they dream and aspire to be able to do.
His plans are about giving tax cuts, massive tax cuts to billionaires and big corporations. His so-called plan for the economy, economists have estimated will exacerbate inflation and invite a recession by the middle of next year. So, this is a huge difference between he and I.
JACKSON: Let me ask you about something that you said when you were running for president the last time around, back in 2019. At the time, you said that the elephant in the room was whether the country was ready for a woman and a woman of color to be president. So, let me ask you, as you sit here today, do you think the country is ready now for a woman and a woman of color to be president?
HARRIS: Absolutely, absolutely. And I am seeing that in terms of every walk of life of our country. You know I think part of what is important in this election is really not only turning the page, but closing the page and the chapter on an era that suggests that Americans are divided.
What I know from personal experience, from lived experience, and from my travels, even most recently, the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us. And what the American people want in their president is a president for all Americans, which is the type and kind of president I pledge to be.
This is my life’s work. As you know, I started as a prosecutor, I never asked a victim of crime, a witness to crime, are you a Republican or Democrat. The only thing I ever asked them is, are you OK? And that’s what the American people want to know, regardless of their race, regardless of their gender, or their age. They want to know that they have a president who sees them and understands their needs and focuses on their needs, understanding we all deserve to have a president who is focused on solutions and not just fanning the flames of division and hate.
JACKSON: You’ve been reluctant to lean into, to talk about the historic nature of your candidacy on the campaign trail. Why is that?
HARRIS: Well, I’m clearly a woman, [laughs] I don’t need to point that out to anyone. The point that most people really care about is, can you do the job, and do you have a plan to actually focus on them?
JACKSON: I hear you on that. [xtalk]
HARRIS: That is, that is why I spend the majority of my time listening and then addressing the concerns, the challenges, the dreams, the ambitions, and aspirations of the American people. They deserve to have a president who’s focused on them, as opposed to a Donald Trump who’s constantly focused on himself.
I think that’s part of why people are exhausted with Donald Trump and his approach, because it’s all about himself and his personal grievances, and not about the American people, not about how are you going to help families, how are you going to help small businesses, how are you going to strengthen our economy?
These are the things I’m focused on. I’m focused on investing in the new industries, on which America should lead and be a global leader.
JACKSON: I ask because to implement the agenda that you want to implement, you have to win first. You have to win the White House. [xtalk]
HARRIS: Of course. Of course.
JACKSON: And right now, there is a big gender gap in this race. Fewer men support you right now than they did President Biden. Some of your allies have suggested there’s sexism at play. I wonder, do you think there is sexism at play here?
HARRIS: Let me just tell you something, you’ve come to my events, and you will see there are men and women at those events, whether it be small events or events with 10,000 people. So, the experience that I am having is one in which it is clear that regardless of someone’s gender, they want to know that their president has a plan to lower costs, that their president has a plan to secure America in the context of our position around the world.
They want a president of the United States who honors our military, who understands the importance of America’s leadership around international rules and norms, and that is regardless of gender. [xtalk]
JACKSON: So, is that a no? [xtalk]
HARRIS: And that’s how I will lead.
JACKSON: Do you not see sexism as a factor in this race at all?
HARRIS: I don’t think of it that way. My challenge is the challenge of making sure I can talk with and listen to as many voters as possible and earn their vote. And I will never assume that anyone in our country should elect a leader based on their gender or their race, instead that that leader needs to earn the vote based on substance and what they will do to address challenges, and to inspire people to know that their aspirations and their ambitions can and will be achieved through the opportunity to do that.
JACKSON: Some of those voters that I spoke with at some of the events yesterday, for example, talked about they were there to support you, but also your agenda when it comes to reproductive rights and abortion access, and you have cast this as a matter of literal life and death as an urgent priority here. If you win, it is entirely possible that Congress will be controlled by Republicans. So what specific concessions would you be willing to make in order to get something done on abortion access as soon as possible?
HARRIS: Well, first of all, look at what has happened since the Dobbs decision came down, a decision that is a direct result of the fact that Donald Trump hand selected three members of the United States Supreme Court with the intention they would undo the protections of Roe. They did as he intended. And now in 20 states, we have Trump abortion bans, which some make no exceptions for rape or incest.
Which criminalizes health care providers, in a state like Texas, prison for life for doctors and nurses if they provide reproductive care. And where we have seen this issue on the ballot, to your point about elections, from red states to blue states, when freedom is on the ballot, the American people vote for freedom regardless of the party they are registered to vote with. We have seen that.
And I know that there are members of the United States Congress who are well aware that their constituents are in favor of the very fundamental principle that a woman should be able to make decisions about her own body, and not have her government tell her what to do.
JACKSON: So is a question of pragmatism then: what concessions would be on the table? Religious exemptions, for example, is that something that you would consider with a Republican controlled Congress? [xtalk]
HARRIS: I don’t think we should be making concessions when we’re talking about a fundamental freedom to make decisions about your own body.
JACKSON: To Republicans like, for example, Susan Collins, Lisa Murkowski, who would back something like this on a Democratic agenda, if, in fact, Republicans control Congress, would you offer them an olive branch, or is that off the table? Is that not an option for you?
HARRIS: I’m not gonna engage in hypotheticals because we could go on a variety of scenarios. Let’s just start with a fundamental fact, a basic freedom has been taken from the women of America: the freedom to make decisions about their own body., And that cannot be negotiable, which is that we need to put back in the protections of Roe v Wade. And that is it.
JACKSON: But what if you can’t do that? What if you can’t get that passed, and you want to save lives in Florida, and in Texas, and in Georgia? What do you do with that?
HARRIS: I’m not going to go down that rabbit hole with you right now. Cause right now — [xtalk]
JACKSON: It’s a question that’s out there, because it’s not a guarantee that Democrats will win control of Congress.
HARRIS: Well, I’m doing everything I can to make that sure we do. On this issue I think that what is clear to me is whether someone is, I was just with one of the leaders, and I think opinion leaders in the Republican party. Liz Cheney, who has, she has, as she has stated publicly and has expressed her private feelings.
JACKSON: She said it on stage yesterday.
HARRIS: She is pro-life, but she also understands the pain and the tragedy that has happened since Donald Trump allowed Roe v Wade to be overturned. So that’s my point about what is non-negotiable. It has to be that we agree that it is so fundamental that we allow women the ability with their doctor, with, if they choose, talking with their faith leader, to be able to make these decisions and not have the government tell her what to do.
JACKSON: On the question of your beliefs, what you believe in, let me ask you this question, very broadly speaking here: do you believe that transgender Americans should have access to gender-affirming care in this country?
HARRIS: I think we should follow the law. I mean, I think you’re probably pointing to the fact that Donald Trump’s campaign has spent tens of millions of dollars… [xtalk]
JACKSON: They’re trying to define you on this, I’m asking you to define yourself, though, just broadly speaking, what is your value? Do you believe they should have that access?
HARRIS: I believe that people, as the law states, even on this issue about federal law, that that is a decision that doctors will make in terms of what is medically necessary. I’m not going to put myself in a position of a doctor. But let’s also understand that Donald Trump is running tens of millions of dollars in ads to talk about two cases to distract from the fact that his policy and plan is also to take away the, the Affordable Care Act, which provides healthcare for tens of millions of people in our country.
That his plan is to undo the cap — the $35 a month cap on insulin that impacts millions of seniors in our country. That his plan is to do away with the $2,000 cap on prescription medication, the annual cap. That his plan is to get rid of the Department of Education, which would mean getting rid of Head Start. That his plan is to give tax cuts to billionaires and big corporations and on the backs of middle class working people.
So, let’s not get distracted by the issues, that, to your point, from the introductory point you raised, people want to know that their president has a plan to make their life better, and that includes addressing bringing down the cost of living. It includes dealing with prescription medication costs. It includes addressing the housing crisis and affordable housing crisis in our country. It includes supporting our small businesses, investing in American industries and strengthening our economy.
JACKSON: I will move on, but I don’t know that I heard a clear answer from you on the issue of gender-affirming care. It sounds like what you’re saying is there should be something between trans Americans and their doctors? It feels like that’s a long way from “we see you and we love you,” which was your message to trans-Americans in May? What do you want the LGBTQ plus community to know as they’re looking for a full throated backing from you for trans, for trans Americans?
HARRIS: I believe that all people should be treated with dignity and respect, period, and should not be vilified for who they are, and should not be bullied for who they are. And that is a true statement for me my entire career. And that has not changed.
JACKSON: Part of the case that you’re making to undecided voters and to these late deciding voters is not just the case for you, for what you would do, it’s the case against former President Trump. And on that. We are sitting here two weeks away from election night. Last election, the former president came out on election night and declared victory before all the votes were counted. What is your plan if he does that again in two weeks?
HARRIS: Well, let me say this, we’ve got two weeks to go, and I’m very much grounded in the present, in terms of the task at hand, and we will deal with election night and the days after, as they come, and we have the resources and the expertise and the focus on that as well.
JACKSON: So, you have teams ready to go. Is that what you’re saying? Are you thinking about that as a possibility?
HARRIS: Of course. This is a person, Donald Trump, who tried to undo the, a free and fair election, who still denies the will of the people, who incited a violent mob to attack the United States Capitol and 140 law enforcement officers were attacked. Some who were killed. This is a serious matter. The American people are, at this point, two weeks out, being presented with a very, very serious decision about what will be the future of our country.
And it includes whether we are a country that values a president who respects their duty to uphold the Constitution of the United States. Donald Trump has said he would terminate the Constitution of the United States. The American people are being presented with a choice here about whether we want a president who understands that America must stand strong as a leader around the globe, or an individual in Donald Trump who openly admires dictators.
My goodness, recent reports that he gave COVID tests to the President of Russia during the height of the pandemic here, when Americans couldn’t get their hands on covid tests, these are the choices before the American people right now. The choice before the American people is the choice to choose to turn the page on the division and the hate and to bring our country together knowing the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us.
And that we can be optimistic about a new generation of leadership that is focused on what we have yet to achieve, to uplifting the American people.
JACKSON: If you win, it is entirely possible that the federal court cases against the former president will continue on. He is, of course, facing those felony charges. Would you consider if you win and he’s convicted, a pardon for former President Trump?
HARRIS: I’m not going to get into those hypotheticals. I’m focused on the next 14 days.
JACKSON: But do you believe, is there any part of you that subscribes to the argument that has been made in the past that a pardon could help bring America together, could help you unify the country and move them, move on.
HARRIS: Let me tell you what’s going to help us move on. I get elected President of the United States.
JACKSON: One of the things you talked about is having a Republican in your camp- in your cabinet, potentially.
HARRIS: Yes.
JACKSON: You spent a lot of time on the campaign trail with former Congresswoman Liz Cheney, as you referenced, is she somebody who, is she somebody who would consider putting in the cabinet? Have you talked with her about this topic?
HARRIS: I’ll keep you posted.
JACKSON: Okay. On immigration, because this is another issue that’s really important to Americans here.
HARRIS: Sure.
JACKSON: Immigration and Customs, Customs Enforcement, of course, back in 2019 you stopped short of calling to abolish ICE, as some Democrats were doing at the time. But you also said — [xtalk]
HARRIS: I’ve never called for abolishing ICE.
JACKSON: Correct. You stopped short of that. That’s right, that’s right. You said we should critically, critically re-examine it and you considered starting from scratch. Would you consider, if you’re president, starting from scratch with ICE?
HARRIS: Let me tell you what the Customs and Border Patrol agents need, what the immigration system needs, is it needs to be fixed, and it needs to be fixed in a number of ways that include bringing forth a bill that conservative members of Congress, along with others, pulled together, that we supported actively, that would put 1500 more border agents at the border.
To give those folks who are working around the clock and need support the assistance they need to get their job done. What we would do with that bill, if it were brought forward is be able to continue to stem the flow of fentanyl coming into the United States, which is ravaging countries around, I mean communities around our country. It would give us more resources to do what we need to do to prosecute transnational criminal organizations, something I have done.
But what happened to that bill? Donald Trump got word of it and told his friends in Congress, kill the bill, don’t bring it forward, because Donald Trump would prefer to run on a problem instead of fixing a problem. And again, in this election, there are two very different choices, one that is focused on solutions, and the other that is focused on constant grievance and running on problems with no agenda for fixing them, and in fact, on this issue of immigration, he has been an obstacle to fixing this problem.
My proposal includes strengthening what we must do to ensure that we have an orderly and humane immigration system and that we fix what has been bro- broken for a long time. It has transcended administrations, and it needs to be fixed.
JACKSON: You have made it clear that you believe this is a binary choice between you and Donald Trump. That’s — those are candidates that are on the ballot, of course.
HARRIS: There’s only two choices…yes.
JACKSON: Of course, yes, but, and I know that Joe Biden is not on the ballot, I understand that, but the reason that you are at the top of the ticket is because he dropped out of this race. And so I want to ask you, and it was largely because of that debate performance back in June. You defended him in the days before and in the days after, as you were campaigning for another four years for President Biden. Can you say that you were honest with the American people about what you saw in those moments with President Biden, as you were with him again and again, repeatedly in that time?
HARRIS: Of course. Joe Biden is an — extremely accomplished, experienced and capable in every way that anyone would want if they’re president. Absolutely.
JACKSON: And you never saw anything like what happened at the debate night behind closed doors with him?
HARRIS: It was a bad debate. People have bad debates. That — he is absolutely…[xtalk]
JACKSON: But that’s the reason why you’re here, and he’s not running for the top of the ticket.
HARRIS: Well, you’d have to ask him if that’s the only reason why.
JACKSON: What do you think?
HARRIS: I am running for President of the United States. Joe Biden is not, and my presidency will be about bringing a new generation of leadership to America that is focused on the work that we need to do, to invest in the ambitions and aspirations of the American people.
JACKSON: It’s a judgment question, that’s why I ask. Can the American people trust you in these moments, even when it’s maybe uncomfortable for Americans to have, to level with Americans in that way? So that’s why I ask. And it sounds like what you’re saying is you feel like you feel like you never saw anything like that from President Biden?
HARRIS: I have worked with Joe Biden, whether — hours and hours and hours over these four years, whether it be in the Situation Room or the Oval Office. Joe Biden is the one who was able to bring NATO together during a crisis where for the first time in 70 years Europe saw and has seen war. Joe Biden has done the work that has been about being a leader on what we have done to fix so much of what has been broken in terms of the economy because of Donald Trump’s mismanagement.
I speak with not only sincerity, but with a real first hand account of watching him do this work. I have no reluctance in saying that. No, of course I don’t.
JACKSON: Madam Vice President, thank you for your time.I appreciate you being with us today.
HARRIS: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
JACKSON: We’ll talk again soon, I hope. Two weeks left. Thank you
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLC
To provide you with a more relevant online experience, certain online ad partners may combine personal information that we make available with data across different businesses and otherwise assist us with related advertising activities, as described in our Privacy Policy . This may be considered "selling" or "sharing/processing” for targeted online advertising under applicable law.
If you are a resident of one of the states listed in the 'Your Rights' section of NBCUniversal’s Privacy Policy, to opt out of us selling or sharing/processing your personal information:
Please note that choices related to cookies and device identifiers are specific to the brand’s website or app on the browser or device where you are making the election.
Resident of the states listed in the 'Your Rights' section of NBCUniversal’s Privacy Policy  Only: To opt out of selling or sharing/processing for targeted advertising of information such as cookies and device identifiers processed for targeted ads (as defined by law) and related purposes for this site/app on this browser/device, switch this toggle to off (grey color) by moving it left and clicking “Confirm My Choice” below.  (This will close this dialogue box, so please open the email Opt-Out Form 1st). ALL OTHER LOCATIONS: If we do not detect that you are in one of the states listed in the 'Your Rights' section of NBCUniversal’s Privacy Policy, this choice will not apply even if you toggle this button off. If you turn this off, you will still see ads, but they may be less relevant or based only on our first-party information about you. Please note, you must make the Manage Preference choices on each site/app on each browser/device you use to access the services. You must also renew this choice if you clear your cookies. You can change your precise geolocation permissions for our mobile apps in your mobile device settings.
To opt out of the use of your email and other personal information related to that email such as your name for targeted advertising activities please complete this Opt-Out Form
Please see our Cookie Notice for more details which can be found by navigating to the Privacy Policy in the menu settings page.
Full transcript: Vice President Kamala Harris interviewed by NBC News' Hallie Jackson
Your Privacy Choices: Opt-out of sale of personal information and Opt-out of sharing or processing personal information for targeted ads
White House White House moves Obama portrait to display painting of Trump after assassination attempt
news Trump floats plan for undocumented farm and hotel workers to work legally in the U.S.
Manage Preferences: Toggle Off and Click ‘Confirm My Choice’ and Complete Opt-Out Form to Opt-Out
Cookie List
Allow Sale of My Personal Info and Sharing/Processing for Targeted Ads
Opt-Out Form
Other Categories of Data Collection


================================================================================
Biden-⁠Harris Administration Lowers Mental Health Care Costs by Improving Access to Mental Health and Substance Use Care (September 9, 2024)
URL: https://bidenwhitehouse.archives.gov/briefing-room/statements-releases/2024/09/09/fact-sheet-biden-harris-administration-lowers-mental-health-care-costs-by-improving-access-to-mental-health-and-substance-use-care/#:~:text=The%20steps%20my%20Administration%20is,care%20they%20need%20to%20thrive.
Scraped on: 2025-04-11 23:30:09

President Biden and Vice President Harris announce historic final rule that will ensure mental health care coverage for 175 million Americans is on par with their physical health care coverage

President Biden and Vice President Harris believe that health care is a right, not a privilege, and that mental health care is health care – period. But for millions of Americans, care for mental health and substance use conditions is still hard to find and hard to afford. Today, the Biden-Harris Administration is taking a step toward changing that, by placing new requirements on health plans that will improve and strengthen access to mental health care for 175 million Americans with private health insurance.
 
Statement from the President: “Mental health care is health care. But for far too many Americans, critical care and treatments are out of reach. Today, my Administration is taking action to address our nation’s mental health crisis by ensuring mental health coverage will be covered at the same level as other health care for Americans. There is no reason that breaking your arm should be treated differently than having a mental health condition. The steps my Administration is taking today will dramatically expand access to mental health care in America.”
 
Statement from the Vice President: “President Biden and I are committed to ensuring that every person in our country has the mental health care they need to thrive. That is why we made the largest investment in youth mental health in history and are transforming how mental health is understood, perceived, and treated for all Americans. Today, we are building on this lifesaving and lifechanging work by announcing the finalization of a historic rule that will expand mental health care across our nation so more of our loved ones, neighbors, coworkers, and classmates receive the care they deserve. As someone who has spent my entire career fighting to improve the health and well-being of all Americans, I will never stop working to ensure that health care is a right – not just a privilege for those who can afford it.”
 
For over 15 years, robust access to mental health care has been a bipartisan priority. Thanks to the 2008 enactment of the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act (MHPAEA), which was further strengthened in 2020 on a bipartisan basis, health plans that cover mental health and substance use care benefits must do so at the same level as physical health care benefits. But despite this landmark law, too many Americans still struggle to find and afford the care they need. In 2020, less than half of all adults with mental illness received treatment.  For children, the numbers are even worse: nearly 70 percent of our kids who seek care for mental health or substance use cannot get it. That’s in part because insurers too often make it difficult to access mental health treatment, causing millions of consumers to have high out-of-pocket costs because they go out-of-network, or defer care altogether. One study shows that insured people are nearly four times as likely go out-of-network and pay higher fees for mental health care than for physical health care. And the problem is getting worse: in recent years, the gap between usage of out-of-network care for mental health and substance use disorder benefits versus physical health benefits increased 85 percent. 
 
Today’s final rule strengthens consumer protections by reinforcing MHPAEA’s fundamental purpose that all Americans should have the same access to mental health and substance use benefits as they do physical health benefits. And it will help lower families’ health care costs by making it easier to access mental health and substance use care and getting rid of barriers that keep people from getting the care they need, when they need it, for a price they can afford.  Specifically, the final rule will:

Require health plans to make changes when they are providing inadequate access to mental health and substance use care. In 2020, Congress made changes to MHPAEA that require health plans to conduct meaningful comparative analyses to make sure that they are not making it harder for individuals to access mental health and substance use benefits than it is to access medical benefits.  Today’s new requirements make it clear that health plans need to evaluate their provider networks, how much they pay out-of-network providers, and how often they require – and deny – prior authorizations. The outcomes of these evaluations will show plans where they are failing to meet the law’s requirements, and where they will need to make changes to come into compliance, like adding more mental health and substance use professionals to their networks or reducing red tape for providers to deliver care.
Make it clear what health plans can and cannot do. Health plans cannot use more restrictive prior authorization, or other medical management techniques, or narrower networks to make it harder for people to access mental health and substance use disorder benefits than their medical benefits. Health plans also have to use similar factors in setting out-of-network payment rates for mental health and substance use disorder providers as they do for medical providers.
Close existing loopholes. When MHPAEA was first enacted, it did not require non-federal governmental health plans, like those offered to state and local government employees, to comply with its requirements. Today’s final rule closes that loophole, and now requires more than 200 additional health plans to comply with MHPAEA, providing critical protections to 120,000 consumers. 
Thanks to the Biden-Harris Administration, these new requirements will help more people get the mental health and substance use care they need while also making sure that mental health and substance use care professionals are paid fairly, likely incentivizing more people to join the mental health workforce.  In addition to today’s final rule, the Department of Health and Human Services is also releasing new tools for states to ensure compliance with MHPAEA’s critical protections for the millions of Medicaid beneficiaries enrolled in private Medicaid health plans.




================================================================================
Remarks by Vice President Harris and President Volodymyr Zelenskyy of Ukraine Before Bilateral Meeting (June 15, 2024)
URL: https://bidenwhitehouse.archives.gov/briefing-room/statements-releases/2024/06/15/remarks-by-vice-president-harris-and-president-volodymyr-zelenskyy-of-ukraine-before-bilateral-meeting/
Scraped on: 2025-04-11 23:30:14

June 15, 2024 Remarks by Vice President Harris and President Volodymyr Zelenskyy of Ukraine Before Bilateral Meeting Home Briefing Room Statements and Releases Bürgenstock Resort Obbürgen, Switzerland 3:42 P.M. CEST PRESIDENT ZELENSKYY:  Thank you so much.  Happy to see you — VICE PRESIDENT HARRIS:  And you. PRESIDENT ZELENSKYY:  — Madam Vice President, and to see your team.  Thank you so much. First, I would like to thank the United States and the President Biden, his team for our security agreement — thank you so much — between Ukraine and America.  We signed it in Italy.  And today we can already say that our teams have started to implement it. And these are truly historic steps that strengthen the security of Ukraine and, therefore, of the whole Europe and, therefore, of America. And I also want to thank the U.S. Congress — both parties, both chambers — for passing a package.  That is really very important for us, our people.  And Putin is trying to expand the war and make it more bloody.  But together, with America and all our partners, we protect the lives of our people and open up new opportunities for diplomacy. Actually, we are here today for the sake of diplomacy.  And Ukraine has always believed in the power of diplomacy.  War is not our choice; it’s Putin’s choice.  At the peace summit today, we will do everything we can to start moving towards real peace through di- — diplomacy.  And I am grateful to America for its support. I thank you, Madam Vice President, for your participation in the summit.  And it is indeed vital that — that the United States is helping to bring peace closer. Happy to see you.  Thank you very much. VICE PRESIDENT HARRIS:  Thank you.  Thank you, President Zelenskyy.  It is good to see you again.  I — by my count, I think this is our sixth meeting together in person.  And — PRESIDENT ZELENSKYY:  Not the last. VICE PRESIDENT HARRIS:  And — for sure not the last and hopefully in better times. It is good to see you again.  And President Biden was very happy with the time that you spent together over the last couple of weeks and in — most recently in Italy. You and I last met in person four months ago at the Munich Security Conference.  Since then, Russia has continued its brutal aggression against the people of Ukraine, including opening a new front outside of Kharkiv and relentlessly attacking Ukraine’s energy system.  Yet the people of Ukraine, so admirably, stand firm. President Biden and my support for the people of Ukraine is unwavering.  We support Ukraine not out of charity but because the people of Ukraine and their future is in our strategic interests.  It is in our interest to uphold international rules and norms, such as sovereignty and territorial integrity and the international system we helped create following World War Two, which bolsters America’s security and prosperity. It is in the interest of the United States to defend democratic values and stand up to dictators.  It is in our interest to stand with our friends, such as Ukraine. As a demonstration of that support, President Joe Biden recently signed into law, as you mentioned, $60 billion in funding to support Ukraine.  Since then, we have rapidly delivered weapons to Ukraine, and our support is having a significant impact on the battlefield. And just this week, you and President Biden, as you mentioned, signed a bilateral security agreement, a demonstration of our long-term commitment to Ukraine’s defense. President Zelenskyy, your military remains a resilient and effective fighting force, so admirably — one that has and will continue to impress the world.  And this war remains an utter failure for Putin. I am here in Switzerland to stand with Ukraine and the leaders from around the world in support of a just and lasting peace.  As we look forward to that peace and work toward that, the United States is committed to helping Ukraine rebuild. To that end, today I am pleased to announce that the United States will provide more than one and a half billion dollars to address Ukraine’s humanitarian and energy needs and to help relieve the suffering of the people of Ukraine. This number includes $824 million for critical ener- — energy needs, including repairing energy infrastructure; $379 million in humanitarian assistance, including food, water, shelter, and health services; and $300 million for civilian security assistance, including support for law enforcement. President Zelenskyy, this support is a demonstration of the fact — the indisputable fact the United States stands with the people of Ukraine.  And I look forward to our discussion today. Thank you. END                 3:48 P.M. CEST # # #
This is historical material “frozen in time”. The website is no longer updated and links to external websites and some internal pages may not work.
The White House 1600 Pennsylvania Ave NW Washington, DC 20500
Bürgenstock Resort Obbürgen, Switzerland
3:42 P.M. CEST PRESIDENT ZELENSKYY:  Thank you so much.  Happy to see you — VICE PRESIDENT HARRIS:  And you. PRESIDENT ZELENSKYY:  — Madam Vice President, and to see your team.  Thank you so much. First, I would like to thank the United States and the President Biden, his team for our security agreement — thank you so much — between Ukraine and America.  We signed it in Italy.  And today we can already say that our teams have started to implement it. And these are truly historic steps that strengthen the security of Ukraine and, therefore, of the whole Europe and, therefore, of America. And I also want to thank the U.S. Congress — both parties, both chambers — for passing a package.  That is really very important for us, our people.  And Putin is trying to expand the war and make it more bloody.  But together, with America and all our partners, we protect the lives of our people and open up new opportunities for diplomacy. Actually, we are here today for the sake of diplomacy.  And Ukraine has always believed in the power of diplomacy.  War is not our choice; it’s Putin’s choice.  At the peace summit today, we will do everything we can to start moving towards real peace through di- — diplomacy.  And I am grateful to America for its support. I thank you, Madam Vice President, for your participation in the summit.  And it is indeed vital that — that the United States is helping to bring peace closer. Happy to see you.  Thank you very much. VICE PRESIDENT HARRIS:  Thank you.  Thank you, President Zelenskyy.  It is good to see you again.  I — by my count, I think this is our sixth meeting together in person.  And — PRESIDENT ZELENSKYY:  Not the last. VICE PRESIDENT HARRIS:  And — for sure not the last and hopefully in better times. It is good to see you again.  And President Biden was very happy with the time that you spent together over the last couple of weeks and in — most recently in Italy. You and I last met in person four months ago at the Munich Security Conference.  Since then, Russia has continued its brutal aggression against the people of Ukraine, including opening a new front outside of Kharkiv and relentlessly attacking Ukraine’s energy system.  Yet the people of Ukraine, so admirably, stand firm. President Biden and my support for the people of Ukraine is unwavering.  We support Ukraine not out of charity but because the people of Ukraine and their future is in our strategic interests.  It is in our interest to uphold international rules and norms, such as sovereignty and territorial integrity and the international system we helped create following World War Two, which bolsters America’s security and prosperity. It is in the interest of the United States to defend democratic values and stand up to dictators.  It is in our interest to stand with our friends, such as Ukraine. As a demonstration of that support, President Joe Biden recently signed into law, as you mentioned, $60 billion in funding to support Ukraine.  Since then, we have rapidly delivered weapons to Ukraine, and our support is having a significant impact on the battlefield. And just this week, you and President Biden, as you mentioned, signed a bilateral security agreement, a demonstration of our long-term commitment to Ukraine’s defense. President Zelenskyy, your military remains a resilient and effective fighting force, so admirably — one that has and will continue to impress the world.  And this war remains an utter failure for Putin. I am here in Switzerland to stand with Ukraine and the leaders from around the world in support of a just and lasting peace.  As we look forward to that peace and work toward that, the United States is committed to helping Ukraine rebuild. To that end, today I am pleased to announce that the United States will provide more than one and a half billion dollars to address Ukraine’s humanitarian and energy needs and to help relieve the suffering of the people of Ukraine. This number includes $824 million for critical ener- — energy needs, including repairing energy infrastructure; $379 million in humanitarian assistance, including food, water, shelter, and health services; and $300 million for civilian security assistance, including support for law enforcement. President Zelenskyy, this support is a demonstration of the fact — the indisputable fact the United States stands with the people of Ukraine.  And I look forward to our discussion today. Thank you. END                 3:48 P.M. CEST
# # #
The White House 1600 Pennsylvania Ave NW Washington, DC 20500
Remarks by Vice President Harris and President Volodymyr Zelenskyy of Ukraine Before Bilateral Meeting
Mobile Menu Overlay


================================================================================
Remarks by Vice President Harris Marking One Year Since Hamas’ October 7th Terrorist Attacks (October 7, 2024)
URL: https://bidenwhitehouse.archives.gov/briefing-room/speeches-remarks/2024/10/07/remarks-by-vice-president-harris-marking-one-year-since-hamas-october-7th-terrorist-attacks/
Scraped on: 2025-04-11 23:30:20

Vice President’s Residence
U.S. Naval Observatory
Washington, D.C.

4:02 P.M. EDT

THE VICE PRESIDENT:  Good afternoon.  In a few moments, Doug and I will plant a tree here on the grounds of the Residence of the Vice President of the United States, and we dedicate this tree to the 1,200 innocent souls, in an act of pure evil on October 7, 2023, who were massacred by Hamas terrorists. 

Forty-six of our fellow Americans were killed in this brutal terrorist attack, including a singer from Missouri who died shielding her son from bullets, an academic and peace activist who studied in Seattle and who was the grandson of Holocaust survivors, and a dancer from California who was killed alongside her fiancé while attending the Nova Music Festival. 

I am devastated by the pain and loss that occurred on October 7, and Doug and I pray for the family and loved ones of all of those who were lost, and may their memories be a blessing. 

Today, I know many Jews will be reciting and reflecting on the Jewish prayer for mourning, the Kaddish.  The words of the prayer are not about death; it is a prayer about our enduring belief in God, even in our darkest moments.  So, as we reflect on the horrors of October 7, let us please be reminded that we cannot lose faith. 

The Jewish philosopher Rabbi Abraham Joshua Heschel wrote, and I quote, “Religion begins with a consciousness that something is asked of us.”  So, in this moment, on the one-year commemoration of October 7, what it — what is asked of us?  What is asked of us?

First and foremost, I believe that we must never forget.  I will never forget October 7, and the world must never forget. 

What is asked of us: We must work to ensure nothing like the horrors of October 7 can ever happen again.  And on this solemn day, I will restate my pledge to always ensure that Israel has what it needs to defend itself and that I will always work to ensure the safety and security of the Jewish people here and around the world.

What is asked of us: We must reunite the hostages held in Gaza with their families, and I will never stop fighting for the release of all the hostages, including the American citizens, living and deceased: Omer, Edan, Sagui, Keith, Judi, Gadi, and Itay.

What is asked of us: We must uphold the commitment to repair the world, an idea that has been passed on throughout generations of the Jewish people and across many faiths.  And to that end, we must work to relieve the immense suffering of innocent Palestinians in Gaza who have experienced so much pain and loss over the year. 

What is asked of us: We must continue to see light amidst the darkness.  As the late Rabbi Jonathan Sacks said, “A people that can walk through the valley of the shadow of death and still rejoice is a people that cannot be defeated by any force or fear.” 

That is why today we plant a pomegranate tree, which, in Judaism, is a symbol of hope and righteousness.  So, for years to come, this pomegranate tree will stand here, spreading its roots and growing stronger, to remind future vice presidents of the United States, their families, and all who pass through these grounds not only of the horror of October 7th but the strength and the endurance of the Jewish people. 

It will remind us all not to abandon the goal of peace, dignity, and security for all.  And it will remind us all to always have faith. 

Thank you.  And I will now turn it over to the second gentleman, my husband, Doug.

================================================================================
VP Harris Roundtable For Student Debt Relief In Philadelphia (April 9, 2024)
URL: https://www.rev.com/transcripts/vp-harris-roundtable-for-student-debt-relief-in-philadelphia
Scraped on: 2025-04-11 23:30:27

Kamala Harris hosts a roundtable for public servants who received student debt
relief in Philadelphia. Read the transcript here.
Luckily for you, we deliver. Subscribe to our blog today.
A confirmation email is on it’s way to your inbox.
Copyright Disclaimer
Under Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing.
Kamala Harris ( 00:01 ):
That was so good. Okay, we’re ready. Okay, we’re going to get started. Let me start by thanking the leaders of William Cramp Elementary School. I was just saying to the leaders at this table that it’s such a joy to walk around a school where there is clearly so much love and dedication that the school workers, the administrators, the teachers, the folks who work here are giving to the children of our country. So I want to thank everybody, and in their absence, all of the teachers and those workers at this school, for what you do every day for the children of America. Representative Dwight Evans, it is wonderful to be with you as always. I know you from your work in Congress and I know you from your work here in this beautiful state, and you have been a very important advisor and friend to the president and me.
( 00:49 ) So thank you. And Tonya Pendleton, I want to thank you for being the moderator of this discussion and then in his absence, but he sends his best, Senator Bob Casey. I want to thank him for all he does. So this is intended to be a discussion about student loan debt, but really it is, from my perspective, a discussion about who are our public servants and what we as a society and as a country owe them for the gift that they possess and then give to so many people, often without the praise on a daily basis that they deserve, but their value to the strength of our country, their value to our well-being is immeasurable.
( 01:36 ) And who are our public servants? They are teachers, they are nurses, they’re firefighters, they’re police officers, they’re librarians, they’re bus drivers, and social workers. They are people who have dedicated themselves to serving the public, often serving on behalf of people that they otherwise had never met and would otherwise have no obligation to other than the fact that they care and they understand the strength and the importance of lifting up other people and by extension, all of us.
( 02:13 ) Our public servants then do some of the most noble and selfless work that anyone can do. I think about our teachers, our teachers who have the calling to teach other people’s children and to do that work often without the resources they need. Most of the teachers, public school teachers I have met over the years come out of their own pocket to help pay for school supplies. We don’t pay our teachers nearly what they deserve in terms of the value that they give to society as a whole. And I will say that also as a proud public school, former public school student. My first grade teacher, Mrs. Frances Wilson, God rest her, attended my law school graduation, wouldn’t be here except for the strength of our teachers. And, of course, the family in which I was raised.
( 03:08 ) School nurses, nurses office. Many of us had the good fortune of attending schools where there was a school nurse. But sadly, we have not supported our nurses enough so that we can have enough of them in the pipeline to serve all of the schools that need a school nurse. But our school nurses are, they are leaders. They are known by the students. They are known as the people who care for the students. Often, the nurse’s office is an oasis of comfort and sanctity for so many students. Our social workers who help children in foster care, children who have, through no fault of their own, been in circumstances where they need the support and they need the encouragement of a social worker to help them know that they are special and important. This is who our public servants are, and yet many are silently struggling with student loan debt.
( 04:16 ) God knows we don’t pay them enough in the first place, but so many of them nonetheless, will choose to stay in these important roles because it is a calling for them. Whereas they could potentially opt into a different profession with their skills that would pay them more, but they stay where they are because they care. And we as a society and a country should reciprocate that care by alleviating the burden that so many of them are caring with this enormous debt that prevents them from being able to get through the month stress-free, prevents them, in many cases, from being able to buy a home or even start a family. And so the work that President Biden and I have been doing throughout the last three years has been to address one of the big issues facing not only our public servants, but many people who carry student loan debt, which is, what can we do to relieve some of the burden?
( 05:13 ) Because we do believe not only for public service, but most people should not have to carry this kind of worry. And so far then we have forgiven, on average, $70,000 of student loan debt for over 850,000 public servants. And for folks in general, we have forgiven over $144 billion for over four million people. And that means, of course, for those individuals who have received this for forgiveness, that’s more money in their pocket to pay for things like child care, more money in their pocket to get through the month in terms of rent or mortgage. And so today then building on the work that we’ve done thus far, I’m announcing a new plan to forgive more loans for 25 million more Americans, including millions of our public servants. And that means, for example, if you’ve paid undergrad loans for 20-plus years or graduate loans for 25 or more years, your loans will be completely forgiven regardless of your income and even if you did not graduate.
( 06:19 ) So I’m going to repeat that. If you’ve paid undergraduate loans for more than 20 years or graduate loans for more than 25 years, those loans will be completely forgiven regardless of your income and even if you did not graduate. And forgiveness will be automatic for the vast majority of the 25 million people that we believe will benefit from this approach. And to see if you could be eligible, I would urge everyone to go to studentaid.gov. That’s studentaid.gov. And I’ll close with this.
( 06:51 ) The president and I continue to do and will do much more to build on this work. Again, understanding that we want to create incentives for people to acquire the kinds of skills, like the professionals at this table, to do the work that they do that benefits so many others and benefits all of us as a nation. And so I thank the leaders who are at this table for being willing to tell your stories in a way that I think will inspire others to apply for the forgiveness and to do the work that we know can be done to honor our public servants and so many others. And with that, I’m going to turn it over to Tonya Pendleton to moderate our conversation.
Tonya Pendleton ( 07:31 ):
Thank you so much, Madam Vice President, and I certainly echo your wonderful entry remarks to talk about how important our public servants are and the dedication and sacrifice that they bring to their roles. I’m the host of Reality Check on WURD Radio here in Philadelphia, and as you are announcing that there are student loan debts being canceled, we have these wonderful public servants here with
Tonya Pendleton ( 08:00 ):
… with us to tell their stories. And so I’d like to start just briefly with Congressman Evans because I know that your district cuts a wide swath across Center city in West Philadelphia and the Northwest to talk a little bit about how this student debt has impacted your constituents.
Congressman Evans ( 08:22 ):
First thing I’d like to say is good afternoon and thank the vice president for coming here and talking about this initiative in this city. This city is extremely significant, so you’ll always be welcome here. So I want to make that very clear that for the service that you have provided along with the president has been extremely important. You have shown the type of leadership that we need today, and you nor the president, do not let the Supreme Court get in the way when you think there needs to be something done right for workers and middle-class people.
( 09:08 ) So I want to add my voice and my support as a member of Congress that I’m very supportive of this because obviously, the implications that you just talked about and what it means and the effect, it has an effect upon our economy, individuals buying houses, access to communities. So this is a very significant discussion and I think holding it here as we have the superintendent here at this great elementary school is a real plus. So this is the kind of leadership that I think is especially, and you, Madam Vice President have demonstrated that. So I really just want to add that.
Tonya Pendleton ( 09:57 ):
Well, as you said, and thank you very much for your remarks, Congressman Evans, we are here at Cramp Elementary School, and so I think we will just do a round-robin and start out with Tonya Cabeza, who is the school-based teacher leader here at the William Cramp Elementary School. And you’re going to talk to us a little bit about your personal story and how your education path and also how student loan debt relief has helped you. Thank you.
Tonya Cabeza ( 10:27 ):
Thank you for this opportunity, Madam Vice President. And I’d like to start by telling my story about a time not too long ago, just last May, I was doing what moms do in the kitchen with my three children, making dinner, checking emails, and I opened up an email that said, “Congratulations, your loans have been forgiven.” To say I was stunned, a total understatement. It was $40,000+ in student loans just gone, zero. I wish you could have seen it. There was dancing, there were tears on my part. We knew that things were changing for us. My life had changed and what I was able to give to my children had changed. I am the first in my family to go to college. I didn’t know that that was going to be an option for me, but I knew to pursue the career that I’ve always wanted. Since I was little, there wasn’t a time that I didn’t want to be a teacher, that I needed to go to college and graduate in order to do this job that I love.
( 11:28 ) So I was 22 years old, graduated from college, I had to take out a loan for my entire amount of my undergrad. And then to continue teaching and get that permanent certification, I had to do more schooling in which I had to take out more loans. So I had my debt from my undergrad and then had to take out more loans to do my graduate studies in a reading certification program. But despite that, I did press on. I did get that level two certification and I get to come here every day and work with these students and this is my work home. I love working here, and the loans gave me the opportunity to do that. But now that they’re forgiven, my eldest daughter is now in college also going into the education path, and I’m able to help her in a way that my parents weren’t able to assist me even though they wanted to, they just weren’t in the position to do that. And I’m able to help her in her college path into education as well.
Tonya Pendleton ( 12:33 ):
In terms of the debt relief, you talked about dancing in the kitchen, but what did it feel like for you to know that at this point going forward, you would be able to live your life without this weight upon you?
Tonya Cabeza ( 12:49 ):
I mean, I had been, at that point, paying loans for 20 years already, and I just really thought that that was something that I would be paying until I died. And then with my daughter going to college too, she’s taking out loans, but just being able to help her go to college and to give her what she needs to follow this path, I mean, she was in her first year of college at that point, so it just was an amazing feeling to be able to help her.
Tonya Pendleton ( 13:18 ):
I dare say, a life-changing feeling.
Tonya Cabeza ( 13:20 ):
Absolutely a life-changing feeling. Again. I just thought I’d have those loans forever.
Tonya Pendleton ( 13:25 ):
Well, thank you so much for sharing that with us. And then Beth Whelan, who is right here next to me, she is a school nurse. She’s at Richmond Elementary School, and we’d love to hear your story.
Beth Whelan ( 13:40 ):
Yes, thank you, Madam Vice President. Can you hear me?
Tonya Pendleton ( 13:43 ):
Beth Whelan ( 13:44 ):
All right. So I’m a school nurse at Richmond Elementary School in the Port Richmond section of the city. I’ve been at Richmond since 2013 and with the district since 2007. It’s an underserved community that I work in. They have various needs that really change day to day. 30% of our student population is asthmatic, so it’s really important that I’m there every day and that I’m prepared. I was hired under an emergency school nurse certification, so I needed to pursue further coursework in order to be able to continue to practice. When I went to pursue my master’s degree, I chose public health nursing because I thought it would be the most beneficial for the children and the families that I serve. Unfortunately, I accrued a lot of student loan debt at this time, coupled with my undergrad debt that I still had.
( 14:42 ) I was paying hundreds of dollars a month, barely making ends meet. At that time at the district, we hadn’t had a raise in a few years, cost of living raise, and I was a single parent. I knew I could make more money if I returned to hospital nursing, but I really believed in the importance of school nursing. So I stuck with it. I took on a second job with a nursing agency. I picked up weekend and evening shifts when I could, and I honestly thought I’d be paying my loans forever. I was very exhausted and stressed. So when I learned of the public service loan forgiveness program, I was very relieved and I applied for it.
( 15:22 ) Recently, I lost my father. I remember a conversation that I had with him shortly before he died. He asked me if I was okay financially as he would help me from time to time. I had just gotten word that all of my $65,000 of student loan debt had been forgiven, and I told him that. I saw a lot of relief in his face as I was not going to have that burden on me anymore. Since then, I’ve moved in with my mom to help take care of her in the house. For the first time in years, I won’t have to work this summer. I can be home with her to support her and help my kids as well in school.
Beth Whelan ( 16:00 ):
I’m so grateful to this program, which has allowed me to continue to work for the school district and have some balance in my life.
Tonya Pendleton ( 16:09 ):
The thing that stands out is that, for the both of you, that you were getting education in order to further yourself, in order to be more of a help to the people that you are serving, to be part of the Philadelphia public school system, and to be able to advance yourself, but also advance the young people that you work with. Yet having to make these sacrifices, working as a school nurse and then taking on extra shifts and continuing, just to pay this debt, so the weight that comes off of you, that is something that’s translated to the people that you are servicing.
Beth Whelan ( 16:43 ):
Yes. Yes. Yeah. It was just a huge relief, is all I can describe it as. It was a burden that I thought that I would just carry with me for forever. It seemed like I would never pay it off.
Kamala Harris ( 16:57 ):
Well, and also it is a very difficult thing to lose a parent, or anyone that you love, but what a parent will worry most about is if their children will be okay so that they can go in peace.
Beth Whelan ( 17:19 ):
Yes, and I feel like I was able to give him some of that.
Kamala Harris ( 17:22 ):
And you also had that experience.
Beth Whelan ( 17:24 ):
Kamala Harris ( 17:27 ):
Just as a person who experiences that kind of thing, in addition to what you do as a professional, I’m sure that that was an added weight that was lifted from you, to let your father know that you were going to be okay. Yeah.
Beth Whelan ( 17:41 ):
Yes. Yep.
Tonya Pendleton ( 17:43 ):
Then to also be able to have that time and space to be able to take care of your mother, who I understand is ill, and then losing your father as well. So, this has opened up some new possibilities for you.
Beth Whelan ( 17:55 ):
Yes, because I would normally work in the summer just to have some extra money, and now I’m able to stay home with her.
Tonya Pendleton ( 18:04 ):
Yeah, yeah, that’s wonderful. Kelly Gray, you are the Social Work Services Manager at the Philadelphia Department of Human Services, and you work with people who are endangered, who are abused, who are dealing with all kinds of dysfunction in their life. Yet you have gone through the system, the school system, your daughters as well, everyone getting an education in order to once again further your careers as public servants and work with the people that you work with. Tell us your story.
Kelly Gray ( 18:44 ):
Thank you again, Madam President. Hello. My name is Kelly Monique Gray. I’m a proud public service worker for the Philadelphia Department of Human Services, also known as DHS, looking out for the welfare of children, and a proud AFSCME member, that’s a union that I’m in. My student debt story is like everybody else’s. I knew I wanted a better life for myself and my two wonderful twin daughters, one of whom only is here with me today, and I knew education was that path, so I took a risk and took out debt. I got associates, a bachelors, a master’s, and I wanted to PhD, but ultimately I had to stop taking my PhD classes because I couldn’t afford any more debt.
( 19:32 ) I just said that, after I got my first degree, I navigated into public service. First elementary education teacher, now I’m helping children in the social work field directly with DHS. I’ve also been at DHS for 13 years, and I have been a social worker for 20 years. Giving direct care to children is beyond important to me. As a survivor of childhood sexual abuse, I know that children need an advocate and someone who sees them, and I can recognize what they’re going through when they don’t have a voice. That’s a big part of why I chose public service. I’m proud to say that both my daughters have followed in my footsteps also.
( 20:12 ) My education has been enabling me to publish two books, One to 10 to help survivors. When you have a path, you have a voice. So my path gave me a path to the future. My other book is encouraging everyone to get out into the world and see it. Pack your bags, we’re going to Guinea Africa, exploring the world, one country at a time. I’m proud of both of my daughters. The process wasn’t easy at all. After graduating, I had a Parent Plus loan. My daughter graduated from Spelman. She wanted to go to Spelman. She applied to 13 schools. She got accepted to all 13, but Spelman was her first choice, but her last acceptance, so she was going to settle at Xavier. We got the letter stating that she got accepted to Spelman. I knew I had to ask help for a Parent Plus loan, and I knew I needed a co-signer because my loans were outrageous and my credit wasn’t good, so we did get that. The loans were just too high for me. My loans were $350,000.
( 21:22 ) On February the 23rd of this year, I took my work, my papers, because I take it to work to shred. I opened down my letter. I was going to shred it, not even paying attention. I opened it up. It was from MOHELA and it said, congratulations, thank you for being a public service. Your loan have been forgiven. I didn’t believe it. I went on FAFSA website. It was all zeros, including my Parent Plus loan. I called my daughter because she was so overwhelmed of not helping me because she’s trying to do her own path, and it’s been off of my credit report for two weeks. So I just want everybody to know there is help out there. Whatever relief program there is, apply, just like me. I never thought that I would ever, ever get any of this done.
( 22:19 ) Two years ago, I kept trying to buy a house, but my credit was so bad I couldn’t do it, so my loans were transferring from one loaner to MOHELA. So I knew that was a time period where I wasn’t being sneaky or anything, but it wasn’t going to show up on my credit report. You know what? It’s a time to go to buy the house. It’s going to take at least six months or 60 days, whatever. Go ahead and do it. To my surprise, I got approved for the loan to buy a house, and then of course my loans came back, but on February the 23rd, it was just so much joy. I can travel. I couldn’t save any money. I couldn’t afford $800 a month.
( 22:59 ) I just want to thank you guys so much for looking out for my family. We appreciate you guys because if it wasn’t for you guys, I’ll still be renting. I’ll still be trying to figure out how I’m going to do $800, and I did forbearance, deferment, and I did everything under the sun so it can just … and the interest rate was [inaudible 00:23:22] but thank you so much. I don’t mean to cry, but-
Speaker 1 ( 23:28 ):
Let her tell you about the book that you [inaudible 00:23:31].
Kelly Gray ( 23:32 ):
So Madam Vice President, I have a small business. I was in ShopRite, Brown ShotRite. He owns maybe seven ShopRites in the city of Philadelphia and some outside the city, and in Jersey. At that time, he wasn’t the congressman. I seen him, I have a picture of him. I showed him. He came up to my table, he brought my book and I said, okay. When I seen that he was going to be here, I said, let me show him the picture. I said, look, where’s the book? He don’t know.
Kelly Gray ( 24:00 ):
… he never read the book. But we have a picture and I just, people that goes through a lot but took the time to talk to me, took a picture with me, and buy the book, it was just so amazing.
Kamala Harris ( 24:17 ):
Well, let me just say that I cannot thank each of you enough for the life that you have decided to live. And you have answered a calling. Each one of you has answered a calling to serve in an extraordinary way. When I think about the story that each of you have shared, and it’s important that people understand this, that when we are looking at something like forgiving student loan debt for public servants, this is who we’re talking about. We’re talking about teachers who, Tanya described her workplace as her home because that’s the kind of person that you are and that our teachers are, that you give of yourself as though the children that you are teaching are your own children.
Speaker 2 ( 25:06 ):
They are.
Kamala Harris ( 25:07 ):
Right. And she said, “They are.” Beth, what you have done and to continue to go to school, deciding and making a conscious decision, you wanted to be a public health nurse. There are many places you could have gone, and we know we have a shortage, sadly, of nurses in our country, and you could have been paid much more. But you wanted to be a public health nurse and serve in our public schools and take care of our children, the children of the community with the debt you were carrying. I mean, Kelly, the story of somebody who is caring for… We talk about the least of these, the children who have been abused and neglected. And this is what you have decided to do with your life for 20 years carrying over $300,000 of debt. What Kelly did not share, because I had the honor of meeting her daughter, is Kelly’s daughter graduated Spelman College as class president.
Speaker 2 ( 26:16 ):
Tonya Pendleton ( 26:17 ):
Kamala Harris ( 26:23 ):
But was carrying this debt. And so it’s important in this conversation that folks understand when President Joe Biden and I and our administration decided to do this, it really was, yes, about the individuals who are here. But I have to keep emphasizing, everyone is benefiting because of the work that you each do. And we want you to stay in these jobs doing this work. We need you to stay in these jobs doing this work, and you shouldn’t have to make a decision about whether you serve or be able to pay your bills. And that’s part of the spirit behind the work that we are doing. It’s because we know who you are and we applaud you. We thank you in every way possible.
Tonya Pendleton ( 27:08 ):
If I can add, I think the critical thing is when we talk about student debt, we’re talking about student loan relief. And this is what you’ve heard today.
Kamala Harris ( 27:15 ):
Yeah, that’s right.
Tonya Pendleton ( 27:16 ):
You’ve heard the relief in everyone’s voice talking about how they felt so challenged by this enormous debt and that having it relieved has enabled them to be able to continue to do the service that they want to do and that they were called to do, and that they have gotten their educations to do. I mean, the palpable relief. So it is not just student loan cancellation. This is about student loan relief and relieving this burden of debt for people who are dedicated public servants or people who have been paying for over 20 years, or people who have interest rates that have accrued to the point that it has outmatched whatever they originally borrowed.
( 28:02 ) And full disclosure, I’m one of those people. I had a six-figure student loan debt that was relieved last year and, like you, I opened an email and I was astounded because as you said, Kelly, it makes a difference, when you have a high debt-to-income ratio, we know that affects your credit. That affects your ability to buy a home, buy a car, rent an apartment, all of those things. And I think that is what I’m left with, certainly, that it’s relief. It is debt relief.
( 28:38 ) Thank you so much, Vice President Harris, for everything that you’ve done to bring this forward and make it happen because it’s so significant. You can’t move forward when you’re saddled with debt. I had debt. I went to school when I was 17 years old and so from 17 years old to now, many moons later, and then I also went to school twice. I finished my bachelor’s. So I can’t thank you enough and I’m sure that everyone here on this panel shares that exact same feeling. So thank you, and thank you for being here with us today in Philadelphia. Your 12th trip in Pennsylvania.
Kamala Harris ( 29:17 ):
It is.
Congressman Evans ( 29:20 ):
Leadership is very important. We can never take that for granted. And that doesn’t automatically happen. The Vice President and the President, that combination is what provides benefits for all of us, not just in Philadelphia but the nation. So I share with you as a person who’s been around that, that we need to encourage them in their leadership and be supportive. So I want to just add my thoughts on that.
Kamala Harris ( 29:51 ):
Thank you Congressman. Well, again, I want to thank everybody, and please just keep doing what you are doing. Please keep doing what you’re doing and just know that your country needs you and that we are benefiting in profound ways because of the sacrifice and the work that you all do every day. It really is the most noble work anybody can do, and thank you. Thank you.
Speaker 2 ( 30:17 ):
Thank you.
Kamala Harris ( 30:17 ):
Thank you.
Lectus donec nisi placerat suscipit tellus pellentesque turpis amet.
Copyright Disclaimer
Under Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing.
Sign up to get Rev content delivered straight to your inbox.
VP Harris Roundtable for Student Debt Relief in Philadelphia
Keep reading
Subscribe to The Rev Blog
Greer Speaks to Senate on Tariffs Day 2
Bondi Announces Drug Seizure
Hegseth Speaks in Panama
Trump Executive Orders on 4/09/25
White House Announces Tariff Pause
Obama Speaks at Hamilton College


