================================================================================
One-on-One Interview with Arizona PBS (October 3, 2024)
URL: https://azpbs.org/azvotes/2024/10/one-on-one-interview-with-kari-lake-oct-3-2024/
Scraped on: 2025-04-13 00:23:17

U.S. Republican Senate candidate Kari Lake joined Ted Simons on “Arizona Horizon” in a contentious interview to discuss some of the latest political issues and the circumstances regarding her campaign for the United States Senate. Arizona PBS invited Democratic candidate Ruben Gallego to debate Lake as a part of our “AZ Votes 2024” election coverage initiative, however, Gallego declined.
Arizona PBS remains committed to providing voters an opportunity to hear directly from candidates, so we have extended an invitation to Gallego to allow him to participate in his own one-on-one interview with Simons on “Arizona Horizon” in the same format as Lake’s.
Simons: You’re running for Senate, but it sounds like you think you’re the governor of Arizona and you won that race. I’m not just bringing this up to bring this up; Arizona voters want to know, should they send someone to Washington who is tilting at windmills here?
Lake: “I think you can look back at every interview I have done, and you can figure out where I stand on it. But here we are, what, five minutes into this, we haven’t talked about inflation,” Lake said. “You talk about me every week on this show. You never invited me on; you get your group of liberal journalists and propagandists. And you talk a lot about this election. And you can’t move on. I’m moving on. I’m running for U.S. Senate.”
Why are you running for the United States Senate, and how are you qualified?
“I think we need to get more citizens involved in politics and fewer politicians,” Lake said. She then commented about the ineffectiveness of previous “lifelong politicians.”
“I realized we got to get in there and fight for this seat; this is a really important seat,” Lake said. “Knowing how radical [Ruben Gallego’s] voting record is, I said, ‘Someone has got to jump in there, and stop this.’ He is too radical for Arizona to be in the U.S. Senate.”
Lake believes not having held prior political office is “top of my resume.”
“I’m sick of watching politicians kick the can down the road to huge problems. Ignore it, gloss over it, throw money at it, but never fix it. I want somebody to get things done,” Lake said.
I asked you to explain why you say the economy is falling apart and all these indices show that it’s not.
“Well, let’s look at some of the numbers when they said the job growth number. They threw a huge number out, every quarter another huge number, only to have to revise it downward by 818,000 jobs. Now you could call it a mistake, or you could say they’re lying. But the economy, the real economy of moms and dads out there trying to put food on the table, the people I’m talking to, I’ve talked to a lot more people in Arizona than you do, Ted, every day. I’ve talked to thousands of people a week in Arizona, and they’re struggling,” Lake said.
And you’re saying the economy is… I think your quote is…
“You know what? I have a great idea for you. When you retire here, I think you should go work for Kamala Harris because you’d be a great spokesperson for her policies. Her policies are disastrous. The people out in Arizona know it. This is almost comical to stand up and watch you push these policies that are crushing the American families,” Lake said.
For more, watch the full interview above.
Kari Lake, U.S. Republican Senate candidate
Subscribe to Arizona PBS Newsletters:
Thank you to our sponsors!
555 North Central Avenue, Suite 500 Phoenix, Arizona  85004-1252
602-496-8888 Need help accessing? Contact disabilityaccess@asu.edu
A community service of Arizona State University and an affiliate of ASU Media Enterprise , Arizona PBS is one of the nation’s leading public media organizations, reaching viewers across five broadcast channels and an array of digital platforms.
Copyright © 2025 Arizona Board of Regents
One-on-one interview with Kari Lake
Celebrate Teacher Appreciation Week
Arizona PBS is now free to stream for Prime Video viewers in the U.S.
‘Miss Austen’ series premiere watch party
AZ Votes Forum: What Counts
Finding Your Roots: Chosen
It’s a Sunday night full of drama with three new episodes
Brunch Snob: Comfort food with a twist
A Celebration of Bach
ASU Symphony
Xico celebrates 50 years of Latino and Indigenous art in Phoenix
How new tariffs impact consumer prices & supply chains in Arizona
Arizona Supreme Court unveils AI avatars to announce rulings
Celebrate Teacher Appreciation Week
5 ways to recognize Autism Awareness Month in our community
Stream the PBS KIDS channel online
Celebrate Teacher Appreciation Week
5 ways to recognize Autism Awareness Month in our community
Growth vs. fixed mindset: 6 strategies to help students succeed
Arizona PBS is now free to stream for Prime Video viewers in the U.S.
‘Miss Austen’ series premiere watch party
Celebrate Teacher Appreciation Week
Arizona PBS is now free to stream for Prime Video viewers in the U.S.
‘Miss Austen’ series premiere watch party
AZ Votes Forum: What Counts
AZ Votes Forum: What Counts
AZ Votes 2024: Election night results and analysis special
AZ Votes 2024: Election Day and Beyond
AZ Votes Debate: Congressional District 3 | October 17, 2024
An interview with Quacy Smith, candidate for Arizona’s Congressional District 9
AZ Votes Debate: Congressional District 4 | October 14, 2024
Katrina Schaffner: Candidate for Arizona’s U.S. Congressional District 5
‘AZ Votes 2024’ live election special on key ballot propositions
One-on-one interview with Kari Lake
AZ Votes: Arizona Corporation Commission Debate | Sept 26, 2024
AZ Votes Debate: Maricopa County Attorney | September 17, 2024
AZ Votes Debate: Maricopa County Sheriff | September 12, 2024
AZ Votes Debate: Congressional District 6 | August 29, 2024
Jonathan Nez, candidate for Arizona’s Congressional District 2
Arizona primary election results
Justin Heap on his run for Maricopa County Recorder
In this segment:
STAY in touch with azpbs. org !
March 31
Nov. 5, 2024
Oct. 23, 2024
Oct. 17, 2024
Oct. 16, 2024
Oct. 14, 2024
Oct. 10, 2024
Oct. 8, 2024
Oct. 3, 2024
Sept. 26, 2024
Sept. 17, 2024
Sept. 12, 2024
Aug. 29, 2024
Aug. 8, 2024
July 30, 2024
June 28, 2024
My favorite teacher
arizona pbs
more ways to watch
at The Majestic
April 24
A bipartisan discussion
AIRED March 31
culture and community
AIRING April 15
all your favorites in one night!
AIRING April 13
Check, Please! Arizona
AIRED April 10
STREAM AZPBS SHOWS
Arizona Encore!
AIRING April 15
Take Note
AIRED April 8
Arizona Encore
AIRED April 8
MORE INFO
AIRED April 12
Arizona Horizon
AIRED April 10
Arizona Horizon
AIRED April 10
My favorite teacher
PBS Kids
My favorite teacher
arizona pbs
more ways to watch
at The Majestic
April 24
EXPLORE AZPBS
The Rick Steves Collection
Arizona Horizon Mug 16 Oz. Ceramic Bistro Mug
AZPBS Tote bag
PBS Books My Weekend is BOOKED! Mug + Tech Stickers
PBS Books Readers Club eBook redemption and tech decal stickers
K i d s
Oct. 3, 2024
April 24
aired March 31
Gifts presented by Arizona PBS
LATEST CONTENT


================================================================================
Kari Lake Speaks At RNC 2024 Night Two (July 16, 2024)
URL: https://www.rev.com/transcripts/kari-lake-speaks-at-rnc-2024-night-two
Scraped on: 2025-04-13 00:23:24

Kari Lake spoke at the Republican National Convention in Milwaukee. Read the
transcript here.
Luckily for you, we deliver. Subscribe to our blog today.
A confirmation email is on it’s way to your inbox.
Copyright Disclaimer
Under Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing.
Speaker X ( 00:00 ):
Kari. Kari. Kari. Kari. Kari. Kari. Kari. Kari.
Kari Lake ( 00:32 ):
Wow. Hello.
( 00:38 ) I love you all. I love you. I love you, Arizona.
( 00:47 ) You guys are amazing. Wow. This is MAGA energy tonight, guys.
( 00:54 ) I love it. Oh, wow.
( 00:59 ) America, I wish you were in this room with us. This is electric. Hello, America. Welcome everybody who’s watching at home and welcome everybody in this great arena tonight. We love you all.
( 01:12 ) Actually, actually, wait a minute. I don’t mean that. I don’t welcome everybody in this room. The guys up in the fake news, frankly…
Speaker X ( 01:29 ):
Kari. Kari. Kari.
Kari Lake ( 01:32 ):
All right. Frankly, you guys up there in the fake news have worn out your welcome.
( 01:45 ) You’ve worn it out, guys. You have spent the last eight years lying about President Donald Trump and his amazing patriotic supporters. Actually, guys, they lie about everything. They’ve lied about Joe Biden’s health, the economy, the laptop, the border. I could go on and on and on, but the really good news is that every day, more and more people are turning off the fake news and they’re…
( 02:15 ) That’s right.
( 02:19 ) And Americans are waking up to the truth about the disastrous Democrat policies pushed by Joe Biden and his favorite congressman, my opponent, Ruben Gallego.
Speaker X ( 02:30 ):
Kari Lake ( 02:32 ):
These guys, they’re full of bad ideas. Just last week, Ruben Gallego voted to let the millions of people who poured into our country illegally cast a ballot in this upcoming election.
( 02:52 ) Gallego and the Democrats have handed over control of my state, Arizona’s border, to the drug cartels; and because of them, criminals and deadly drugs are pouring in and our children are dying. Our children are getting their hands on these drugs and dying. I’ll tell you, the hardest thing I’ve had to do on the campaign trail is talk to moms and dads who come up to me and tell me that their 19-year-old son has died because of fentanyl poisoning; or their 22-year-old daughter took a half a pill and she’s gone. We are losing a generation of young people to this fentanyl crisis, and it’s got to stop. The Grand Canyon state has become the fentanyl state, and it’s not okay with this mom. I’m not okay with that. I don’t think it’s okay with that mom. I don’t think it’s okay with that mom. It doesn’t have to be this way. The problems we face are huge, the problems caused by the Democrat Party, but the solutions guys, they’re really simple. First of all, stop the Biden invasion and build the wall.
( 04:05 ) Easy.
Speaker X ( 04:17 ):
Build the wall. Build the wall. Build our wall. Build our wall. Build our wall. Build our wall. Build our wall. Build our wall. Build our wall.
Kari Lake ( 04:26 ):
And while we’re building the wall, let’s kick Bidenomics to the curb and bring back the MAGAnomics. Is that okay? I miss the strong Trump economy. And because I’m a mama bear, I want to replace this indoctrination, this psychological abuse they’re inflicting on our children, with a real solid, quality education. It’s all common sense.
( 04:53 ) The great news is that we can solve these problems, and to be honest, we must solve these problems for the sake of our children, because that’s really what this is all about, right? The next generation, the future of our country. I learned something watching the Nature Channel, that the most dangerous place on planet Earth is between a mama bear and her baby cubs. And that’s exactly where the radical left have found themselves, and it’s not going to go well for them, because guess what? They have awoken the sleeping giant.
( 05:29 ) Tens of millions of moms and dads from sea to shining sea, they’re going to show up on November 5th, and they’re going to be hearing from us on November 5th. That’s right.
( 05:45 ) Actually, I can think of one thing more dangerous than a grizzly bear, and it’s a middle-aged, fed up mother in Washington D.C. And I haven’t even started my hot flashes yet, guys. Just wait. Just wait. But seriously, I want every mother and father to know this, that we, the Republican Party, will fight. I will fight, not just for my kids; and my daughter’s over here. Are you over there, Ruby? Wave to me. Wave to mom. My daughter’s over there. Selfishly, I want to fight for my kids, but I want to fight for your kids as well. They deserve a better future.
( 06:29 ) They deserve a better future.
( 06:33 ) But the really good news here… And the fake news wants us to believe we’re 50/50 at each other’s throat. They’re creating division and anger. Americans are actually much more united than people believe, right? You see it. We see it.
( 06:51 ) We want to make life better, and we want to create an incredible future for this generation and the next generation. And together, when we join together, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. God bless all of you here tonight. God bless you, America; and God bless President Donald J. Trump. I love you, guys. Thank you. Thank you.
Lectus donec nisi placerat suscipit tellus pellentesque turpis amet.
Copyright Disclaimer
Under Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing.
Sign up to get Rev content delivered straight to your inbox.
Kari Lake Speaks at RNC 2024 Night Two
Keep reading
Subscribe to The Rev Blog
Greer Speaks to Senate on Tariffs Day 2
Bondi Announces Drug Seizure
Hegseth Speaks in Panama
Trump Executive Orders on 4/09/25
White House Announces Tariff Pause
Obama Speaks at Hamilton College


================================================================================
Kari Lake, Arizona gubernatorial candidate, on "Face the Nation" (October 9, 2022)
URL: https://www.cbsnews.com/news/kari-lake-arizona-face-the-nation-transcript-10-09-2022/
Scraped on: 2025-04-13 00:23:29

Face The Nation Transcript: Kari Lake, Arizona gubernatorial candidate, on "Face the Nation," Oct. 9, 2022 Updated on:  October 9, 2022 / 12:13 PM EDT / CBS News Arizona GOP gubernatorial candidate on immigration Arizona Republican gubernatorial candidate says "we have a crisis on our border" 09:28 The following is a transcript of an interview with Kari Lake, Republican candidate for governor in Arizona, that aired on Sunday, Oct. 9, 2022 on "Face the Nation." MAJOR GARRETT: Now to the race for governor of Arizona. Our latest poll shows Democrat Katie Hobbs and Republican Kari Lake tied at 49%. The two candidates have not scheduled a debate but they are here to answer our questions. Each candidate will have about eight and a half minutes, we intend to cover the same issues with each candidate. issues identified by our own polling as of leading concern to Arizona voters. Our ability to cover this ground, of course, will be influenced in no small measure by the length of the candidates answers. First Republican Carrie Lake, who joins us from Phoenix. Good morning, and welcome to FACE THE NATION. REPUBLICAN NOMINEE FOR AZ GOV KARI LAKE: Good morning, Major. Thank you so much for having me on. Just to clarify, I have agreed to any and all debates, and I will be taking part in one without my opponent next week on the 12th. I would love it if she would show up because I think there's a lot of important issues that the people of Arizona need to hear about. MAJOR GARRETT: We'll get to that, I promise. Your website is detailed and specific on the question of immigration and border security. You call, if elected as governor, for Arizona to join other states to form what you call a compact to carry out border security separate from the federal government, including arrest and detention. For the benefit of Arizona voters, can you explain the legal and practical application of this approach? LAKE: Well, of course, if you know the Constitution, you know that Article 4, Section 4 calls for the federal government to protect us from invasion, and under Joe Biden's lack of leadership, we just aren't seeing that. And we have an invasion at our border, the cartels, these Narco terrorist groups have operational control. And they're using Arizona to smuggle people, to traffic children and to traffic the most dangerous drug we've ever seen, fentanyl. And so we're going to invoke our Article One, Section 10, basically, authority to take care of our own border and protect our own border. It's right there in black and white in the Constitution. And we meet all three criteria, we have an invasion, our people are in imminent danger, and time is of the essence. There's no time for delay. So we're going to have other states offer help. I've already got a couple other governors who are willing to help out. And I know that if you ask people in other states that are not border states, they deem this crisis on the border as one of the top issues facing our country– MAJOR GARRETT: Would Arizona– LAKE: with young people dying of fentanyl poisoning right now. MAJOR GARRETT: Would Arizona go it alone if it didn't get this compact agreement with other states? LAKE: Yes, we will. But I believe we will get help. I've already talked to some other governors and they're- they're vowing to help us out wherever they can, because they realize that what comes into Arizona, fentanyl, people coming here illegally, children being trafficked, doesn't stay in Arizona, it goes to all 50 states. And I just spoke last week to a mother and father who lost their son. And it's just tragic. We're losing more people to fentanyl in Arizona, since Joe Biden took office than we lost in 9/11 or during COVID. MAJOR GARRETT: If, as there would likely be, federal challenges were presented, would you as governor await for those federal challenges to this state compact be resolved? And would you respect them if they were to any way impinge upon or restrict or nullify the state compact approach? LAKE: We will, we will challenge the federal government. If they're going to challenge us, I think we have the right to do this. And we will have attorneys file lawsuits as well. But we're not going to back down and let our people be overrun with drugs, watch our children die. We had a 16 year old die here in the metro area last week from a fentanyl overdose. We can't keep having this happen. We're losing our young generation. So I hope that Joe Biden doesn't fight us because then it would really look like he is on the side of the cartels. And I don't think he wants the people to think that MAJOR GARRETT:  Your website also says that Washington D.C. incentivizes illegal immigration to satisfy, quote, big business lust for cheap labor. Does that big business lust reside in Arizona at all? LAKE: I think it resides everywhere. And we saw it with Nancy Pelosi last week. I mean, it was the most racist thing. I think I've heard her say although she said quite a few things that are offensive. She said these people coming in illegally should go pick fruit in the South. I mean, I couldn't believe my ears, MAJOR, when I heard that. We want to make sure that our middle class and our working class are healthy. The Democrats used to care about our working class. And now they appear that they don't. They want to see 5 million people come in. These 5 million people were this thing. They're not staying on the streets. It's American citizens who are homeless. And they're taking jobs from hard working Arizonans, and we're going to start putting Arizona first and protecting our citizens in this state. MAJOR GARRETT: Nominee Lake our polling shows that abortion is a very important issue to Arizona vote voters you have been quoted as saying Arizona will be a state where we will not be taking the lives of our unborn anymore. You've also more recently been quoted as saying that in Arizona abortion should be rare and legal. Are those statements consistent? LAKE: I-I was in an interview when I said that, and I was I was telling the interviewer that when abortion was first presented, they said it should be. It should be rare, safe and legal. And now it's become anything but rare. In Katie Hobbs' world, you can ask her about this, I understand she's coming up next, they're for abortion right up until birth, if you are in the hospital in labor, the abortionists are for giving you an abortion, If you desire one. MAJOR GARRETT: What are you for? LAKE: We need to draw the line- We need to draw the line somewhere. I am going to be the executive of the state, the chief executive officer, and I will follow the law. The law right now as it stands is Governor Ducey's law at 15 weeks, so we'll follow the law. MAJOR GARRETT: Would you seek to restrict abortions be-be-beyond- closer than 15 weeks? LAKE: May I finish? MAJOR GARRETT: Sure. LAKE I am- I'm a woman. I'm a mother. I'm all for women's health care. I come from a large family, seven sisters I have, of course I want women's health care. This has moved beyond health care. We're not giving women choices. I'm for giving women true choices. And when they walk into an abortion center, they're only given one choice. And they're not told that you have the choice to keep your baby, and we can help and here's how. Or we can help you find a loving family who will adopt your baby. I want to give women true choices. I will uphold the law, whatever that law is. And I want to see to it that we've save more lives. Right now the Democrats have started pushing so far from that rare but safe, to anything goes up to nine months of pregnancy, after birth. Katie Hobbs my opponent actually has voted for, and you look at her voting record, allowing a baby who survives an abortion that the hospital would refuse medical care and allow the baby to die on a cold metal tray. She voted for that. MAJOR GARRETT:  We will take that up with Katie Hobbs, I guarantee you. This week, Nominee Lake, a 64 year old Iowa man was arrested and charged for threatening to lynch Maricopa County Supervisor Clint Hickman. In reaction, Hickman said, "people in positions of influence and leadership in Arizona are silent. How can you be silent?" Do you have a reply from Mr. Hickman? And would you support, and do you support federal and state prosecution of anyone who threatens the lives of an election worker? LAKE: I think that anyone who threatens anyone's life should be detained and questioned. I'm not for violence in any way. And I should remind you that, you know, during COVID, when a lot of Americans were faced with not being able to use their free speech to speak out against what was happening, they were losing their jobs, they were losing their businesses, they were being forced to get shots that they didn't want. People were being bullied and-and attacked and also threatened during that time. I think we need to get back to where we have free speech and we shouldn't be threatening people, and I hope that they arrest that man and detain him. MAJOR GARRETT: Earlier this week, Blake Masters, as you know, Republican nominee for the Senate said he has not seen evidence of vote counting problems or election results that would have changed the outcome of the 2020 presidential election. He also said President Biden is the legitimate president. Do you agree? LAKE: I think we have major problems in our election system. And when it goes back to 2000. We had Democrats saying the 2000 election wasn't fair. They were complaining the 2004 election wasn't fair. 2016, Kamala Harris spoke out and said that the electronic voting machines were hacked in front of her eyes and nobody called them election deniers. And now all of a sudden in 2020, Garrett, we don't have free speech anymore. We can't speak out against our own elections. All I'm asking for is the ability to speak out when our government does something wrong. We should be able to speak out against it– MAJOR GARRETT:  Do you agree with the statement that Blake Masters made? LAKE: I- I'm not going to take on what Blake said. I'm going to take on what I said. And what I say is we have problems in our election. They haven't been solved in 2016. They weren't solved in '18. Just a month or two ago during our primary election. And I'm sure your voters- your viewers don't even know this. Katie Hobbs' office advised the counties on how many ballots to print. This was two months ago– MAJOR GARRETT: Nominee Lake– LAKE: and they under printed ballots in our biggest county, and they ran out of Republican only ballots one hour into voting. We have to restore honesty to our elections; we must restore honesty. MAJOR GARRETT: In fairness, restore, in fairness and in timing for both you and Katie Hobbs. We have to end it there. Thank you very much for being with us on FACE THE NATION. We'll be back in just one minute. Stay with us. 2022 Midterm Elections More Senate ethics panel admonishes Lindsey Graham over campaign solicitations Democrat Katie Hobbs sworn in as Arizona governor Kari Lake's lawsuit over Arizona governor's race thrown out by judge Priest recalls Santos said his family couldn't afford mother's funeral Inconsistencies in George Santos' resume raise questions after his election More © 2022 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Former top FDA official warns RFK Jr. against giving "false hope" on autism
House passes bill to require proof of citizenship to register to vote
Trump's pick to run Bureau of Land Management withdraws
More cardholders are paying the bare minimum: How to lower your credit card debt now
Watch CBS News
Updated on:  October 9, 2022 / 12:13 PM EDT / CBS News
The following is a transcript of an interview with Kari Lake, Republican candidate for governor in Arizona, that aired on Sunday, Oct. 9, 2022 on "Face the Nation."
MAJOR GARRETT: Now to the race for governor of Arizona. Our latest poll shows Democrat Katie Hobbs and Republican Kari Lake tied at 49%. The two candidates have not scheduled a debate but they are here to answer our questions. Each candidate will have about eight and a half minutes, we intend to cover the same issues with each candidate. issues identified by our own polling as of leading concern to Arizona voters. Our ability to cover this ground, of course, will be influenced in no small measure by the length of the candidates answers. First Republican Carrie Lake, who joins us from Phoenix. Good morning, and welcome to FACE THE NATION.
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE FOR AZ GOV KARI LAKE: Good morning, Major. Thank you so much for having me on. Just to clarify, I have agreed to any and all debates, and I will be taking part in one without my opponent next week on the 12th. I would love it if she would show up because I think there's a lot of important issues that the people of Arizona need to hear about.
MAJOR GARRETT: We'll get to that, I promise. Your website is detailed and specific on the question of immigration and border security. You call, if elected as governor, for Arizona to join other states to form what you call a compact to carry out border security separate from the federal government, including arrest and detention. For the benefit of Arizona voters, can you explain the legal and practical application of this approach?
LAKE: Well, of course, if you know the Constitution, you know that Article 4, Section 4 calls for the federal government to protect us from invasion, and under Joe Biden's lack of leadership, we just aren't seeing that. And we have an invasion at our border, the cartels, these Narco terrorist groups have operational control. And they're using Arizona to smuggle people, to traffic children and to traffic the most dangerous drug we've ever seen, fentanyl. And so we're going to invoke our Article One, Section 10, basically, authority to take care of our own border and protect our own border. It's right there in black and white in the Constitution. And we meet all three criteria, we have an invasion, our people are in imminent danger, and time is of the essence. There's no time for delay. So we're going to have other states offer help. I've already got a couple other governors who are willing to help out. And I know that if you ask people in other states that are not border states, they deem this crisis on the border as one of the top issues facing our country–
MAJOR GARRETT: Would Arizona–
LAKE: with young people dying of fentanyl poisoning right now.
MAJOR GARRETT: Would Arizona go it alone if it didn't get this compact agreement with other states?
LAKE: Yes, we will. But I believe we will get help. I've already talked to some other governors and they're- they're vowing to help us out wherever they can, because they realize that what comes into Arizona, fentanyl, people coming here illegally, children being trafficked, doesn't stay in Arizona, it goes to all 50 states. And I just spoke last week to a mother and father who lost their son. And it's just tragic. We're losing more people to fentanyl in Arizona, since Joe Biden took office than we lost in 9/11 or during COVID.
MAJOR GARRETT: If, as there would likely be, federal challenges were presented, would you as governor await for those federal challenges to this state compact be resolved? And would you respect them if they were to any way impinge upon or restrict or nullify the state compact approach?
LAKE: We will, we will challenge the federal government. If they're going to challenge us, I think we have the right to do this. And we will have attorneys file lawsuits as well. But we're not going to back down and let our people be overrun with drugs, watch our children die. We had a 16 year old die here in the metro area last week from a fentanyl overdose. We can't keep having this happen. We're losing our young generation. So I hope that Joe Biden doesn't fight us because then it would really look like he is on the side of the cartels. And I don't think he wants the people to think that
MAJOR GARRETT:  Your website also says that Washington D.C. incentivizes illegal immigration to satisfy, quote, big business lust for cheap labor. Does that big business lust reside in Arizona at all?
LAKE: I think it resides everywhere. And we saw it with Nancy Pelosi last week. I mean, it was the most racist thing. I think I've heard her say although she said quite a few things that are offensive. She said these people coming in illegally should go pick fruit in the South. I mean, I couldn't believe my ears, MAJOR, when I heard that. We want to make sure that our middle class and our working class are healthy. The Democrats used to care about our working class. And now they appear that they don't. They want to see 5 million people come in. These 5 million people were this thing. They're not staying on the streets. It's American citizens who are homeless. And they're taking jobs from hard working Arizonans, and we're going to start putting Arizona first and protecting our citizens in this state.
MAJOR GARRETT: Nominee Lake our polling shows that abortion is a very important issue to Arizona vote voters you have been quoted as saying Arizona will be a state where we will not be taking the lives of our unborn anymore. You've also more recently been quoted as saying that in Arizona abortion should be rare and legal. Are those statements consistent?
LAKE: I-I was in an interview when I said that, and I was I was telling the interviewer that when abortion was first presented, they said it should be. It should be rare, safe and legal. And now it's become anything but rare. In Katie Hobbs' world, you can ask her about this, I understand she's coming up next, they're for abortion right up until birth, if you are in the hospital in labor, the abortionists are for giving you an abortion, If you desire one.
MAJOR GARRETT: What are you for?
LAKE: We need to draw the line- We need to draw the line somewhere. I am going to be the executive of the state, the chief executive officer, and I will follow the law. The law right now as it stands is Governor Ducey's law at 15 weeks, so we'll follow the law.
MAJOR GARRETT: Would you seek to restrict abortions be-be-beyond- closer than 15 weeks?
LAKE: May I finish?
MAJOR GARRETT: Sure.
LAKE I am- I'm a woman. I'm a mother. I'm all for women's health care. I come from a large family, seven sisters I have, of course I want women's health care. This has moved beyond health care. We're not giving women choices. I'm for giving women true choices. And when they walk into an abortion center, they're only given one choice. And they're not told that you have the choice to keep your baby, and we can help and here's how. Or we can help you find a loving family who will adopt your baby. I want to give women true choices. I will uphold the law, whatever that law is. And I want to see to it that we've save more lives. Right now the Democrats have started pushing so far from that rare but safe, to anything goes up to nine months of pregnancy, after birth. Katie Hobbs my opponent actually has voted for, and you look at her voting record, allowing a baby who survives an abortion that the hospital would refuse medical care and allow the baby to die on a cold metal tray. She voted for that.
MAJOR GARRETT:  We will take that up with Katie Hobbs, I guarantee you. This week, Nominee Lake, a 64 year old Iowa man was arrested and charged for threatening to lynch Maricopa County Supervisor Clint Hickman. In reaction, Hickman said, "people in positions of influence and leadership in Arizona are silent. How can you be silent?" Do you have a reply from Mr. Hickman? And would you support, and do you support federal and state prosecution of anyone who threatens the lives of an election worker?
LAKE: I think that anyone who threatens anyone's life should be detained and questioned. I'm not for violence in any way. And I should remind you that, you know, during COVID, when a lot of Americans were faced with not being able to use their free speech to speak out against what was happening, they were losing their jobs, they were losing their businesses, they were being forced to get shots that they didn't want. People were being bullied and-and attacked and also threatened during that time. I think we need to get back to where we have free speech and we shouldn't be threatening people, and I hope that they arrest that man and detain him.
MAJOR GARRETT: Earlier this week, Blake Masters, as you know, Republican nominee for the Senate said he has not seen evidence of vote counting problems or election results that would have changed the outcome of the 2020 presidential election. He also said President Biden is the legitimate president. Do you agree?
LAKE: I think we have major problems in our election system. And when it goes back to 2000. We had Democrats saying the 2000 election wasn't fair. They were complaining the 2004 election wasn't fair. 2016, Kamala Harris spoke out and said that the electronic voting machines were hacked in front of her eyes and nobody called them election deniers. And now all of a sudden in 2020, Garrett, we don't have free speech anymore. We can't speak out against our own elections. All I'm asking for is the ability to speak out when our government does something wrong. We should be able to speak out against it–
MAJOR GARRETT:  Do you agree with the statement that Blake Masters made?
LAKE: I- I'm not going to take on what Blake said. I'm going to take on what I said. And what I say is we have problems in our election. They haven't been solved in 2016. They weren't solved in '18. Just a month or two ago during our primary election. And I'm sure your voters- your viewers don't even know this. Katie Hobbs' office advised the counties on how many ballots to print. This was two months ago–
MAJOR GARRETT: Nominee Lake–
LAKE: and they under printed ballots in our biggest county, and they ran out of Republican only ballots one hour into voting. We have to restore honesty to our elections; we must restore honesty.
MAJOR GARRETT: In fairness, restore, in fairness and in timing for both you and Katie Hobbs. We have to end it there. Thank you very much for being with us on FACE THE NATION. We'll be back in just one minute. Stay with us.
© 2022 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Copyright ©2025 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our Services. Essential cookies cannot be switched off in our systems. You can set your device to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Service will not work.
Please make sure you click on the Save Settings button at the bottom or otherwise confirm your opt-out choice. If you are in California or Colorado and have enabled the Global Privacy Control signal, we will treat this as a request to opt-out of “sales,” “sharing” and “targeted advertising” for device information. For more information about how to use the Global Privacy Control signal, please see here . For instructions on how to stop receiving marketing emails from us, please see here .
Transcript: Kari Lake, Arizona gubernatorial candidate, on "Face the Nation," Oct. 9, 2022
Your Privacy Choices
2022 Midterm Elections
More from CBS News
Cookie List
Former top FDA official warns RFK Jr. against giving "false hope" on autism
House passes bill to require proof of citizenship to register to vote
Trump's pick to run Bureau of Land Management withdraws
More cardholders are paying the bare minimum: How to lower your credit card debt now
Allow Sale, Sharing, or Targeted Advertising


