Scraped on: 2025-03-31 14:38:30
Website: Tammy Baldwin WI Senate

U.S. Senator Tammy Baldwin
Latest News from the Senator
U.S. Senator Tammy Baldwin
Latest News from the Senator
U.S. Senator Tammy Baldwin
Latest News from the Senator
Tammy Baldwin has committed her life’s work to public service because she has a deep commitment to making a difference in the lives of Wisconsin’s working families. In the proud tradition of Wisconsin’s state motto, Forward , she believes that we must always work together to help provide fairness, equality, and economic opportunity for all.
Tammy Baldwin was born in Madison, Wisconsin and raised by her grandparents in the Badger State. Her grandfather was a scientist at the University of Wisconsin-Madison and her grandmother was a gifted artist and seamstress who became chief costumer of the University of Wisconsin-Madison Theater Department.
Tammy was raised by her grandparents because her mother struggled with mental illness, chronic pain, and drug abuse. Tammy had to grow up fast, as her mother struggled with addiction to prescription drugs her entire life. When the opioid epidemic spread across Wisconsin, devastating countless families and entire communities, Tammy worked in the Senate to make sure Washington finally stepped up and supported local prevention, treatment, and recovery efforts throughout the state. She also authored and worked to pass the Jason Simcakoski Memorial and Promise Act, bipartisan legislation signed into law by President Obama that strengthens oversight of the VA’s opioid prescribing practices and provides safer and more effective care for our nation’s Veterans.
When Tammy was nine years old, she was diagnosed with a serious childhood illness similar to spinal meningitis. She spent three months in the hospital. Her grandparents had health insurance, but they weren’t allowed to list Tammy as a dependent. Their insurance wouldn’t cover her care, and they were forced to make great sacrifices to pay for Tammy’s health care.
Tammy got better, and her grandparents looked for a health insurance policy that would cover her in the future.  But they discovered that because of her previous illness, they couldn’t find such a policy. Not from any insurer.  Not at any price. Tammy had been branded with the words “pre-existing condition.”
Now, because of the Affordable Care Act, championed by Tammy in the U.S. House of Representatives and in the U.S. Senate, children have protections that they didn’t have before and can’t be denied health coverage because of a pre-existing condition.
As her grandmother grew older, Tammy served as her grandmother’s primary caregiver – an extremely rewarding, but also challenging responsibility. Growing up in a grandfamily and being a caregiver shaped Tammy’s future in public service, and she led the bipartisan effort to support family caregivers by sponsoring and passing the RAISE Family Caregivers Act in the Senate which was signed into law in 2018.
Tammy graduated from Madison West High School and went on to double-major in political science and mathematics at Smith College. In 1989, she received her law degree from the University of Wisconsin Law School. In 1986, while in law school, she served on the Madison Common Council, filling an aldermanic vacancy.
Tammy was then elected to four terms (1986-1994) on the Dane County Board of Supervisors.  In 1992, Tammy was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly as a State Representative for the 78th District, serving three terms.
In 1998, Wisconsin’s 2nd Congressional District shattered the state’s glass ceiling and elected Tammy as the state’s first female member of Congress and the nation’s first openly gay challenger sent to Congress. She served seven terms in the House of Representatives, serving on the Budget Committee, the Judiciary Committee, and the Energy and Commerce Committee.
As a member of the U.S. House of Representatives, Tammy helped craft the landmark Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, leading the effort to include the provision that now allows young people to remain on their parents’ health insurance plans up to age 26. She was also the lead sponsor of the Buffett Rule to ensure tax fairness, fought for student loan reforms to make higher education accessible and affordable, and developed a strong record of fighting against unfair trade deals that have shipped American jobs overseas.
Elected to the U.S. Senate on November 6, 2012, Tammy won a hard fought race and made history as Wisconsin's first woman to serve in the U.S. Senate and the first openly gay member elected to the U.S. Senate. In 2018, Senator Baldwin was re-elected by the people of Wisconsin with 55.4% of the vote.
In the Senate, Senator Baldwin is committed to working across party lines to strengthen the essential pillars of economic security for working families: investments in education and workforce readiness, building a strong Made in Wisconsin manufacturing and agriculture economy, quality health care for all Americans, and protecting the retirement security of today’s seniors and future generations.
Senator Baldwin has also made addressing the student debt crisis and college affordability a top priority. After holding roundtables with students and recent graduates struggling with the cost of a higher education, Senator Baldwin introduced the America’s College Promise Act to make the skills and credentials necessary for success in today’s economy attainable for all Americans, regardless of socio-economic status. Senator Baldwin’s legislation would create new federal-state partnerships to provide two years of tuition-free access to community or technical college programs.
As a leader in the Senate championing stronger Buy American policies, Senator Baldwin has worked across party lines to support our workers, manufacturers, and businesses. She has supported Made in America legislation, and pushed Presidents of both parties, to require the federal government to give preference to American companies and spend taxpayer dollars on American-made products and American jobs. Senator Baldwin worked to include Buy American reforms in the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, which makes a historic investment to create jobs and rebuild America’s infrastructure. The bipartisan legislation invests in fixing our roads and bridges and rebuilding our water infrastructure, including help for local communities to replace lead service lines and address Per-and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) chemicals so that we provide safe and clean drinking water to people across our state. It also expands access to affordable and reliable high-speed broadband for Wisconsin families, students, small businesses, and farmers.
Senator Baldwin knows firsthand that Wisconsin farmers are the backbone of our rural communities. Representing America’s Dairyland, she has been a leader in the Senate supporting dairy farmers, cheesemakers, and food processors by working to pass legislation that provides them the tools they need to innovate, develop new dairy products, reach expanded markets, and move our agriculture economy forward. She also worked to make sure her bipartisan FARMERS FIRST Act was included in the 2018 Farm Bill, which provides funding for local mental health resources and expands access to stress reduction strategies and suicide prevention programs for people who work in agriculture.
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Senator Baldwin supported legislation to fund and distribute vaccinations, deliver stimulus checks and expanded tax cuts for working families, extend unemployment insurance to those out of work, and provide federal funding to small businesses, schools, and state and local governments to help them get through the public health and economic crisis.
Senator Baldwin serves on the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP), the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation, and the Senate Appropriations Committee. She is also Chair of the Senate Commerce Subcommittee on Oceans, Fisheries, Climate Change, and Manufacturing, and Chair of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies.
Media inquiries should be directed to: press@baldwin.senate.gov
Born & Raised in Wisconsin
A Commitment To Public Service
Search Voting Records on Congress.gov
How can I help you?
Help With A Federal Agency
Thank you for reaching out to request a meeting or invite me, and my staff, to an event. Please fill out the appropriate form below to submit your request with as much information as you can provide. Someone from my office will be in contact with you as soon as possible.
Some requests may be offered a virtual option to meet with Senator Baldwin and/or staff members.
What Is The Physical Address Where This Event Would Be Held?
Some requests may be offered a virtual option to meet with Senator Baldwin and/or staff members.
Address Where This Event Would Be Held?
Request a Meeting in D.C.
Invite Me To An Event in D.C.
Request a Meeting in Wisconsin
Invite Me To An Event in Wisconsin
Schedule a Site Visit in Wisconsin
Senator Baldwin’s office is here to help you with issues at the federal level , and to hear from you on matters before the U.S. Senate that are important to Wisconsin. If you need immediate assistance, please contact us at (202) 224-5653.
Appropriations and Federal Funding
Senator Baldwin is pleased to assist Wisconsin residents who are interested in ordering a flag from the Senate Stationery Store and having it flown over the U.S. Capitol.
To purchase your flag online , please select the option “Pay Online.” By selecting this option, you will be redirected to Pay.gov, a secure website operated by the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Accepted forms of payment include ACH debit, credit card, and PayPal.
To purchase your flag via check please select the option “Pay by Check & Mail.” By selecting this option, you will be redirected to our flag request form. You will need to print out the completed form and send it in, along with your check to our office in Washington.
Please submit flag requests at least six weeks in advance of the intended fly date. If you have any questions, please contact our office at (202) 224-5653.
Please Note: This form cannot process monetary transactions. After clicking the "Submit" button, you will be able to print your completed form.
Print a copy of your form and include it with your payment. Payment must be made out to "Keeper of the Stationery."
Mail the copy of your request and payment to:
If you are planning a trip to the nation's capital, my office is more than happy to help make the most of your visit. Washington, D.C. is home to numerous museums, galleries, memorials, theaters, parks and gardens.
My office may be able to help coordinate tours for your group at the following locations:
I am pleased to help Wisconsinites schedule tours of the White House. There are several requirements that must be met for White House tours, including security checks and advanced reservations. As a result, White House tour requests must be submitted 21 to 90 days in advance of your visit to Washington. Please do not submit requests outside of this window.
Tours of the U.S. Capitol Building may be scheduled through the Capitol Visitor Center (CVC) directly. Tour requests can be submitted up to 150 days in advance.
Reserved tours may be scheduled through the Library of Congress directly.  Reserved tours and large group tours may occur at different times than public, walk-up tours.
Reserved tours of the U.S. Supreme Court may be scheduled through my office.
A limited number of Congressional tours may be available for constituents interested in visiting Federal Bureau of Investigation Headquarters. Please notify my office as early as possible if you wish to request a tour.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation
Stay up to date with the latest news and information by following along on social media or signing up for our newsletter.
Baldwin Leads Colleagues in Laying Out Worker-First American Trade Policy
Baldwin Demands for USDA to Not Take Food Away from Food Banks and Hungry Families
As Elon Musk’s DOGE Targets Social Security, Baldwin Calls on Trump Admin to Reverse Decision That Makes Accessing Benefits More Difficult
Baldwin Demands for USDA to Not Take Food Away from Food Banks and Hungry Families
As Elon Musk’s DOGE Targets Social Security, Baldwin Calls on Trump Admin to Reverse Decision That Makes Accessing Benefits More Difficult
Senator Baldwin Raises Alarms on Trump Gutting Health Department and Making Americans Less Safe, Healthy
WATCH: Baldwin, Welch Lead Schumer, Colleagues Spotlighting Trumps Cuts to Cancer and Alzheimer’s Cures
Baldwin Calls Out Trump Undermining Small Business Owners, Demands Admin Release Report on Proposed Cuts to the Bipartisan MBDA
Baldwin Demands Answers Over Trump Admin Illegally Cancelling Grants to Train and Retain Quality Teachers
NEW: Baldwin, Welch Announce Former NIH Director, Researchers, Clinical Trial Patients as Witnesses for Forum on Trump’s NIH Cuts
Baldwin Presses USDA to Reverse $1 Billion in Canceled Local Food Purchases for Farmers, Schools & Food Banks
ICYMI: Senator Baldwin Wraps Up “Hands Off Medicaid Tour”
ICYMI: Senator Baldwin Takes “Hands Off Medicaid Tour” to Madison and Racine
Senator Baldwin Calls Out Trump Executive Order Seeking to Dismantle Department of Education to Pay for Billionaire Tax Breaks
NEW: Baldwin, Welch Announce Forum on Devastating Trump Cuts at NIH Jeopardizing Cures for Alzheimer’s Disease, Cancers
Baldwin Raises Concerns About How NOAA Firings Will Impact Great Lakes
ICYMI: Senator Baldwin Continues “Hands Off Medicaid Tour” in Eau Claire
ICYMI: Senator Baldwin Kicks Off “Hands Off Medicaid Tour” in La Crosse
Baldwin Votes to Strengthen Penalties, Step Up Enforcement Around Deadly Fentanyl
Senator Baldwin Launches “Hands Off Medicaid Tour”
Baldwin, Colleagues Press Trump Administration to Address Consequences of Social Security Workforce Layoffs
Senator Baldwin Releases Statement on Opposing Republicans’ Bill to Give Elon Musk and Trump a Slush Fund
Baldwin, Marshall, Klobuchar, Ernst Call on Trump Administration to Level Playing Field with Canada for American Dairy Farmers
I want to hear from you.
Thank you for taking the time to contact me. Submitting your comments on this web form is the best way to ensure your views and feedback get to me as soon as possible.  U.S. Senate security precautions prevent me from accepting attachments via email, but you're welcome to mail or fax documents to my office.
If you would like to request a meeting or invite me to an event, please click here . If your issue is time-sensitive, please call 202-224-5653 to speak with a member of my staff.
This map shows key investments Senator Baldwin has delivered for Wisconsin since 2020. As more funding announcements are made, the map will be updated so Wisconsinites can learn about these investments in their communities.
Tammy Baldwin ha comprometido el trabajo de su vida al servicio público porque tiene un profundo compromiso de hacer una diferencia en las vidas de las familias trabajadoras de Wisconsin. En la orgullosa tradición del lema del estado de Wisconsin, Forward , ella cree que siempre debemos trabajar juntos para ayudar a brindar equidad, igualdad y oportunidades económicas para todos.
Tammy Baldwin nació en Madison, Wisconsin y fue criada por sus abuelos en el Badger State. Su abuelo era científico en la Universidad de Wisconsin-Madison y su abuela era una talentosa artista y costurera que se convirtió en la directora de vestuario del Departamento de Teatro de la Universidad de Wisconsin-Madison.
Tammy fue criada por sus abuelos porque su madre luchó con una enfermedad mental, dolor crónico y abuso de drogas. Tammy tuvo que crecer rápido, ya que su madre luchó con la adicción a los medicamentos recetados durante toda su vida. Cuando la epidemia de opioides se extendió por Wisconsin, devastando a innumerables familias y comunidades enteras, Tammy trabajó en el Senado para asegurarse de que Washington finalmente intensificara y apoyara los esfuerzos locales de prevención, tratamiento y recuperación en todo el estado. También fue autora y trabajó para aprobar la Ley Jason Simcakoski Memorial and Promise , legislación bipartidista firmada por el presidente Obama que fortalece la supervisión de las prácticas de prescripción de opioides del VA y brinda atención más segura y efectiva a los Veteranos de nuestra nación.
Cuando Tammy tenía nueve años, le diagnosticaron una enfermedad infantil grave similar a la meningitis espinal. Pasó tres meses en el hospital. Sus abuelos tenían seguro médico, pero no se les permitió incluir a Tammy como dependiente. Su seguro no cubriría su atención y se vieron obligados a hacer grandes sacrificios para pagar la atención médica de Tammy.
Tammy mejoró y sus abuelos buscaron una póliza de seguro médico que la cubriera en el futuro. Pero descubrieron que, debido a su enfermedad anterior, no pudieron encontrar tal póliza. Ni de ninguna aseguradora. Ni a cualquier precio. Tammy había sido marcada con las palabras "condición preexistente.”
Ahora, debido a la Ley del Cuidado de Salud a Bajo Precio, defendida por Tammy en la Cámara de Representantes y en el Senado de los EE. UU., los niños tienen protecciones que no tenían antes y no se les puede negar la cobertura médica debido a una afección preexistente.
A medida que su abuela envejecía, Tammy se desempeñó como la principal cuidadora de su abuela, una responsabilidad extremadamente gratificante, pero también desafiante. Crecer en una gran familia y ser cuidadora dio forma al futuro de Tammy en el servicio público, y lideró el esfuerzo bipartidista para apoyar a los cuidadores familiares patrocinando y aprobando la Ley de Cuidadores Familiares RAISE en el Senado, que se convirtió en ley en 2018.
Tammy se graduó de Madison West High School y se especializó en ciencias políticas y matemáticas en Smith College. En 1989, recibió su título de abogada de la Facultad de Derecho de la Universidad de Wisconsin.
En 1986, mientras estaba en la facultad de derecho, se desempeñó en el Consejo Común de Madison, ocupando una vacante de concejal. Luego, Tammy fue elegida para cuatro mandatos (1986-1994) en la Junta de Supervisores del Condado de Dane. En 1992, Tammy fue elegida para la Asamblea del Estado de Wisconsin como Representante Estatal para el Distrito 78, sirviendo tres mandatos.
En 1998, el segundo distrito del Congreso de Wisconsin rompió el techo de cristal del estado y eligió a Tammy como la primera mujer miembro del Congreso del estado y la primera candidata abiertamente gay enviada al Congreso. Sirvió siete mandatos en la Cámara de Representantes, sirviendo en el Comité de Presupuesto, el Comité Judicial y el Comité de Energía y Comercio.
Como miembro de la Cámara de Representantes de EE. UU., Tammy ayudó a elaborar la histórica Ley de Protección al Paciente y Atención Médica Asequible, liderando el esfuerzo para incluir la disposición que ahora permite que los jóvenes permanezcan en los planes de seguro médico de sus padres hasta los 26 años. Ella también fue patrocinadora principal de la regla Buffett para garantizar la equidad fiscal, luchó por reformas de préstamos estudiantiles para hacer que la educación superior sea accesible y asequible, y desarrolló un sólido historial de lucha contra acuerdos comerciales injustos que han enviado empleos estadounidenses al extranjero.
Elegida para el Senado de los Estados Unidos el 6 de noviembre de 2012, Tammy ganó una carrera muy reñida e hizo historia como la primera mujer de Wisconsin en servir en el Senado de los Estados Unidos y el primer miembro abiertamente gay elegido para el Senado de los Estados Unidos. En 2018, la Senadora Baldwin fue reelegido por el pueblo de Wisconsin con el 55,4% de los votos.
En el Senado, la Senadora Baldwin está comprometida a trabajar más allá de las líneas partidistas para fortalecer los pilares esenciales de la seguridad económica para las familias trabajadoras: inversiones en la educación y preparación de la fuerza laboral, construcción de una economía agrícola y manufacturera sólida Made in Wisconsin , atención médica de calidad para todos los estadounidenses, y proteger la seguridad de jubilación de las personas mayores de hoy y de las generaciones futuras.
La Senadora Baldwin también ha hecho que abordar la crisis de la deuda estudiantil y la asequibilidad universitaria sean una prioridad absoluta. Después de tener mesas redondas con estudiantes y recién graduados que luchan con el costo de una educación superior, la Senadora Baldwin presentó la Ley de Promesa Universitaria de Estados Unidos para hacer que las habilidades y credenciales necesarias para el éxito en la economía actual sean alcanzables para todos los estadounidenses, independientemente de su estatus socioeconómico. La legislación de la Senadora Baldwin crearía nuevas asociaciones entre el gobierno federal y el estado para proporcionar dos años de acceso gratuito a los programas universitarios comunitarios o técnicos.
Como líder en el Senado que defiende políticas de Buy American más sólidas, la Senadora Baldwin ha trabajado más allá de las líneas partidistas para apoyar a nuestros trabajadores, fabricantes y empresas. Ella ha apoyado la legislación Made in America y ha presionado a los presidentes de ambos partidos para que exijan al gobierno federal que dé preferencia a las empresas estadounidenses y gaste el dinero de los contribuyentes en productos fabricados en Estados Unidos y en trabajos estadounidenses. La Senadora Baldwin trabajó para incluir reformas de Buy American en la Ley de Empleos e Inversión en Infraestructura , que hace una inversión histórica para crear empleos y reconstruir la infraestructura de Estados Unidos. La legislación bipartidista invierte en la reparación de nuestras carreteras y puentes y en la reconstrucción de nuestra infraestructura de agua, incluida la ayuda para que las comunidades locales reemplacen las líneas de servicio de plomo y aborden las sustancias químicas per y polifluoroalquilo (PFAS), para que podamos proporcionar agua potable limpia y segura a las personas en todo nuestro estado. También amplía el acceso a banda ancha de alta velocidad asequible y confiable para familias, estudiantes, pequeñas empresas y agricultores de Wisconsin.
La Senadora Baldwin sabe de primera mano que los agricultores de Wisconsin son la columna vertebral de nuestras comunidades rurales. Representando a America's Dairyland, ha sido una líder en el Senado apoyando a productores de leche, queseros y procesadores de alimentos trabajando para aprobar una legislación que les brinde las herramientas que necesitan para innovar, desarrollar nuevos productos lácteos, alcanzar mercados expandidos y mover nuestra economía agrícola hacia adelante. También trabajó para asegurarse de que su Ley FARMERS FIRST bipartidista se incluyera en la Ley Agrícola de 2018, que proporciona fondos para recursos locales de salud mental y amplía el acceso a estrategias de reducción del estrés y programas de prevención del suicidio para las personas que trabajan en la agricultura.
En respuesta a la pandemia de COVID-19, la Senadora Baldwin apoyó la legislación para financiar y distribuir vacunas, entregar cheques de estímulo y recortes de impuestos ampliados para familias trabajadoras, extender el seguro de desempleo a quienes no tienen trabajo y proporcionar financiamiento federal a pequeñas empresas, escuelas y gobiernos estatales y locales para ayudarlos a superar la crisis económica y de salud pública.
La Senadora Baldwin es miembro del Comité Senatorial de Salud, Educación, Trabajo y Pensiones (HELP), el Comité Senatorial de Comercio, Ciencia y Transporte y el Comité Senatorial de Asignaciones. También es presidenta del Subcomité de Asignaciones del Senado para Agricultura, Desarrollo Rural, Administración de Alimentos y Medicamentos y agencias relacionadas.
Nacida y Criada en Wisconsin
Un Compromiso Con El Servicio Público
Thank you for your interest in working with the office of U.S. Senator Tammy Baldwin.
There are no open positions at this time.
The Office of U.S. Senator Tammy Baldwin is an equal employment opportunity employer in accordance with the requirements of Senate Rules, regulations and applicable federal laws. The Office does not discriminate on the basis of an individual’s race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, uniformed service, or any other factors prohibited by applicable federal law. The Office also prohibits discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity.
Thank you for visiting my website. My website collects no personal information about you when you visit the site unless you choose to provide that information during your visit so that I can contact you about an issue you have raised or help you with a problem.
Protecting the personal privacy of individuals who use the Internet is very important to me.  I appreciate the opportunity to describe to you below the policies I have put in place to safeguard the privacy of individuals who visit my website and contact my office. If you have questions or concerns about my privacy policy, or any other issues involving the Internet, I would like to hear from you and hope you will contact me by using this online form , or by telephone or postal mail, to let me know your thoughts.
My website is not set up to collect any personal information about you when you visit the site unless you choose to provide that information to my office. My website has an online web form that you can use to contact me by sending an electronic message expressing your views or concerns or asking for assistance with a particular problem involving a federal agency. To send me a message, the online web form asks you for your name, address, email address, and preferred telephone number. I use this information provided by you to contact you about the matter you expressed your views about and to provide any casework assistance I can regarding problems you may be experiencing in dealing with a federal agency. This information will be available to members of my staff so they can help me in responding to your message or request.
If you are requesting help with a problem involving a federal agency, it is necessary for my office to obtain a completed Privacy Act Release form from you.  Federal agencies subject to the Privacy Act of 1974 are prohibited from releasing personal information without consent from the individual.  Therefore, my office must obtain your written consent so that the relevant federal agency can communicate with me about your concerns.  A Privacy Act Release form is generated through my website when you request help with a federal agency. You can print, sign and mail that form to my office.  My staff would also be happy to postal mail you a Privacy Act Release form to complete if that would be helpful.
This website also allows you to sign up to receive electronic news updates from my office. My office will not share nonpublic information with persons outside the Senate, other than to address constituent casework at your request, or in connection with a legal proceeding or potential investigation, or if the communications are potentially unlawful, or suggest a risk to health or safety.
My office collates comments concerning legislation and government policy issues so that I will be fully informed about the views of constituents. From time to time I come across comments made by constituents via email, postal mail, phone call, or fax that I feel powerfully illustrate a need for action.  Such comments make a point of Wisconsinites’ interest that I may like to refer to in a speech, include in the Congressional Record, or make use of in connection with debate in the Senate or by sharing with a relevant governmental agency. If your comments are utilized, I will not publicly share your full name without your permission. My staff will also make every effort in such cases to contact you first. If you intend your message to be confidential, and would prefer that it not be used in such a way, please feel free to advise me of your preference in the message.
For all United States Senate websites, the Senate collects information for site management and site security purposes.  To learn more about the Senate’s Internet security and privacy policies, please click here .
My website has links to other useful sites on the Internet, including sites of other government agencies. If you follow any link that takes you to a location that does not include 'senate.gov' in the address, you will have left the Senate web server and you will need to refer to that site's own privacy policy.
If You Choose to Send My Office Personal Information
Information Collected and Stored Automatically by Senate Websites
Links to Other Sites
