Matt Gaetz Speaks At RNC 2024 Night Three (July 17, 2024)
URL: https://www.rev.com/transcripts/matt-gaetz-speaks-at-rnc-2024-night-three
Scraped on: 2025-04-15 14:05:51

Matt Gaetz spoke at the Republican National Convention in Milwaukee. Read the
transcript here.
Luckily for you, we deliver. Subscribe to our blog today.
A confirmation email is on it’s way to your inbox.
Copyright Disclaimer
Under Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing.
Donald Trump is unstoppable. Elect him president again, and America will be unstoppable too. Meanwhile, Joe Biden’s been out of it. Democrats have been hiding the real Biden for years. We saw people in the Witness Protection Program more often than we saw unscripted Biden. Under Biden-Harris, America has fallen sicker, lonelier, and poorer. Under Trump we prospered, we were richer. Inflation was low, and there were two genders. Under Biden-Harris, inflation has gotten so bad, you can no longer bribe Democrat senators with cash alone. You have to use gold bars just so the bribes hold value. Oh, the swamp draining will recommence soon, and I will be President Trump’s strongest ally in Congress to pass term limits, to stop taxpayer funding for political campaigns, to ban members of Congress for life from becoming lobbyists. And for the same reason you don’t let the referee bet on the game, ban members of Congress from trading individual stocks.
( 01:27 ) I am proud to stand before you. The only Republican in Congress who takes no lobbyist money, no PAC money. It’s not good for me, I work for you, not them. President Trump, he’ll never defund our police but he will defund foreign aid to countries that hate us. And President Trump understands that if it isn’t racist to check ID for a hunting license or welfare benefits or a fishing license, then it is okay to demand an ID to vote everywhere in this country and every election itself.
( 02:15 ) A democrat congressman recently said that any criticism of Joe Biden is ableist. I don’t think it’s too much to ask that the American president be able to do the job. Kamala Harris isn’t able to do any job. She was appointed Border Czar. Appointing Kamala Harris to oversee the border is like appointing Bernie Madoff to oversee your retirement plan. President Trump has shown the world what he is made of, and now we will show the world what America is made of by having his back. And how about the choice President Trump made for a running mate? J.D. Looks like a young Abraham Lincoln, but he’s from Ohio, like General Grant. And like General Grant, J.D. Vance knows how to fight. So they can run Biden from the nursing home. Harris, George Clooney, Robert De Niro, whoever they want to run, we are on a mission to rescue and save this country, and we ride or die with Donald John Trump to the end. Thank you all so much. Thank you for having my back. Let’s go get them.
Lectus donec nisi placerat suscipit tellus pellentesque turpis amet.
Copyright Disclaimer
Under Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing.
Sign up to get Rev content delivered straight to your inbox.
Matt Gaetz Speaks at RNC 2024 Night Three
Keep reading
Subscribe to The Rev Blog
OSU Visits the White House
Bernie Sanders at fighting Oligarchy Event
AOC at Fight Oligarchy Event
Trump Meets with the President of El Salvador
Stephen Miller Speaks to the Press
Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2025 60 Minutes Interview
